is worth searching out 
quiet power 
is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 
one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party 
a reasonably good time with the salton sea 
under-rehearsed and lifeless 
the light-footed enchantment 
` grandeur ' shots 
work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house 
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , 
be why it works as well as it does 
uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . 
the three leads produce adequate performances , but 
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance 
impressive stagings 
'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . 
bland murder-on-campus 
martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline . 
more confused , less interesting and more sloppily 
does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity 
her film is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless . 
is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . 
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 
sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film 
handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch 
can feel the love . 
salton sea surprisingly engrossing 
conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective . 
superficially written characters ramble 
will nevertheless find moving 
powerfully evocative 
composed delivery 
a deep bow 
darkly funny 
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story . 
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work 
so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough 
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in . 
a really cool bit -- 
incessant use 
modestly surprising movie 
in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 
in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 
's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin 
polished and vastly entertaining 
in a grisly sort of way 
leave them singing long after the credits roll 
to one of demme 's good films 
ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 
the best sports movie i 've ever seen . 
like life on the island 
moving and important 
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory . 
mysterious and brutal nature 
the movie is powerful and provocative . 
huge sacrifice 
luckiest 
by and large this is mr. kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since the doors . 
offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life 
given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform 
are neither original nor are presented in convincing way 
whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent 
a tidal wave of plot 
suspense , surprise 
poignant lyricism 
relied too much 
four-star 
a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation . 
of flatly 
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights 
's mildly sentimental 
on crummy-looking videotape 
a masterfully 
even the corniest and 
impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial 
that it 's offensive , but 
, deeply felt 
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis . 
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy 
courageous scottish lady 
sensuality , and 
virulently unpleasant excuse 
novel 
like a prison stretch 
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- 
and totally disorientated 
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for . 
watch your merchant ivory productions 
near-masterpiece . 
a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 
enter 
spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby 
the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer . 
one ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album . 
wind up using them as punching bags 
to check this one out 
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills . 
but also nicely done 
hollywood excess 
when it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . 
the vital action sequences 
horrendously 
distant 
nowheresville 
unimaginative screenwriter 's 
is consistently 
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie 
's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this 
will have a showdown 
far-flung , illogical 
well-told 
straight from the ages 
feeling this movie 
incapable 
comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be 
's plotless , shapeless 
far from a groundbreaking endeavor 
this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out 
is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be 
their enthusiasm 
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , 
engaging mix 
self-defeatingly decorous 
too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience 
an important , original talent 
drown yourself 
is driven by appealing leads 
characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil 
a good film in `` trouble every day 
complaint 
emotional edge 
old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles 
's quite fun in places . 
merit its 103-minute length 
-- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles 
a shallow rumination 
go to a picture-perfect beach 
bad sound 
sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer . 
provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche 
but blatantly biased . 
issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 
humanizing stuff 
true-blue 
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying . 
there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck 
crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment 
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic 
a delightful entree in the tradition 
hate 
displays in freshening the play 
patchy combination of soap opera , 
put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) 
deadly dull 
have been lost in the translation 
the film ) works 
while we delight in the images 
in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack 
`` interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 
funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality 
defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks 
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . 
have to check your brain at the door 
well-thought stunts or 
too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary 
skillfully assembled 
often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy 
because he acts so goofy all the time 
a man in drag is not in and of himself funny 
pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens 
ourside the theater roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with . 
an endearing cast 
it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain 
would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness . 
intricately structured and well-realized drama 
striking about jolie 's performance 
a sumptuous work 
a non-stop cry for attention 
treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody 
be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows 
, sophisticated film 
shooting itself 
other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or 
a sour attempt 
rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again 
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating 
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes 
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me 
choppy ending 
a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish 
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they 'll get plenty ) fills me with revulsion . 
what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes . 
will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 
dahmer 
becomes increasingly implausible as it races 
the film , like jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs . 
the filmmakers ' eye for detail 
calm , self-assured portrait 
a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck 
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low . 
, and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending 
of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach 
on the strength of their own cleverness 
it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion 
a disappointingly thin slice 
dopey dialogue and 
intelligence and originality 
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant 
us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity 
for its success on a patient viewer 
projector 's 
noisy and pretentious 
prevails 
strong script 
do not go gentle into that good theatre . ' 
nincompoop 
borrows a bit from the classics `` wait until dark '' and `` extremities '' ... but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself . 
, ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 
rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative 
the acting is just fine 
with a completely predictable plot 
she 's pretty and 
had more to do with imagination than market research 
made him bitter and less mature 
a sea of visual and verbal clichés 
so freely 
is a wonderful thing 
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and 
a generic international version of a typical american horror film . 
this enthralling documentary 
clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line 
some effecting moments 
i realized that i just did n't care 
inventive , consistently intelligent and 
, as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago . 
take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera 
thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . 
an undeniable entertainment value 
edge to it 
dumbed-down approach 
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message 
readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 
a lot more 
nowhere fast 
michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest 
a torrent 
uncommitted 
told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times 
of the oscar wilde play 
nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while . 
overstays its natural running time 
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master 
like a book report 
a grand picture of an era 
a crass and insulting homage 
sex gags and prom dates 
is the film roman polanski may have been born to make 
it 's one long bore . 
no clue 
spiritual 
that is worthy of our respect 
that was followed by the bad idea 
might deliver again and again 
entirely stale 
and unabashed sweetness 
be any flatter 
that transcends culture and race 
indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest 
elegant , witty and beneath 
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex . 
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory . 
original character , siuation or joke 
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects . 
an old-fashioned drama 
made on the cheap 
telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug 
make this a charmer 
the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us 
sit near the back 
tends to plod 
been a good film in `` trouble every day 
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake . 
a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy 
of the best special effects 
, mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . 
struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones 
do all three quite well 
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way . 
cause parents a few sleepless hours -- 
for two directors with far less endearing disabilities 
wild , endearing , masterful 
golden 
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing 
the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for 
an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth 
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- 
a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy 
preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 
is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast 
warped logic 
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk 
its flaws 
where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream 
nair does n't treat the issues lightly . 
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people 
an unimaginative screenwriter 's 
crass , low-wattage 
if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer . 
are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence . 
jell into charm 
, stay away . 
's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction 
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence 
the best war movies 
a naturally funny film 
delicious 
the occasional belly laugh 
is atrocious 
thinly sketched story 
a coherent rhythm 
consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable 
conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- 
willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists 
a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists 
of film entertainment 
its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors 
a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical 
wreckage 
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . 
shameless 
exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be 
ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . ' 
bull sessions 
a cheap thriller 
the most highly-praised disappointments i 
an enjoyable experience . 
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick . 
between chaplin and kidman 
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement 
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear 
is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) 
you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . 
where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating 
an enthralling , entertaining feature 
petter næss ' delicate , clever direction 
semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . 
leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites 
ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . 
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate . 
should appreciate its whimsical humor 
the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace 
an unsuccessful attempt 
that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty 
in the service of the lovers who inhabit it 
being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe 
making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative 
also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 
starts slowly , but adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying 
warned 
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . 
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way . 
honesty and 
is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else 
thrills the eye 
to investigate 
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity . 
by the shadowy lighting 
simply stupid , irrelevant 
its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh 
to absurd lengths 
of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor 
are immaculate , 
although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another major league . 
a soulless hunk 
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives . 
neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest 
take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time 
bad prose 
the outstanding thrillers of recent years 
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors 
a `` home alone '' film that is staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . 
plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 
a single good film 
is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem 
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but 
the drama that gives added clout to this doc 
dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and 
gratingly unfunny 
about a family 's joyous life 
wo n't be an ) 
of the big summer movies 
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness . 
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 
it 's all the stronger because of it 
is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . ' 
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life 
while the last metro ) was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history . 
been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 
seen or heard anything quite like this film 
best case 
both hugely entertaining and uplifting 
... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time 
well 
the worst titles in recent cinematic history 
consistently clever and suspenseful 
for insomnia 
the con 
it gets old quickly . 
an interesting bit 
for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast 
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all 
commands 
funny , sexy 
the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script 
paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 
gets the job done . 
of the elements that will grab you 
its appeal 
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short 
contemplative , and 
all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer . 
is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony 
has little insight 
it takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned . 
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers 
has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ... 
without your pulse ever racing 
an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement 
a dazzling conceptual feat 
vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs . 
did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 
how pertinent its dynamics remain 
fantastically vital movie 
do n't work in concert . 
is surely 
fall to pieces 
moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 
played and smartly 
's this rich and luscious 
much better 
totally overwrought , 
visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction . 
energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage 
you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen . 
fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work 
tiresomely 
prettiest pictures 
is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn . 
i usually dread encountering the most 
off-beat and fanciful film 
with humor and lightness 
her material is not first-rate 
mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences 
fantasized 
had much science 
, sylvie testud is icily brilliant . 
it 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances . 
's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture 
more accomplished 
a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' 
flavorful performances 
a mesmerizing cinematic poem 
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people . 
the disjointed 
this waste 
to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris 
sadistic 
a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title 
's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle 
i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it 
he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 
make the film relevant today 
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper 
trying to be other films 
intricately constructed 
images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 
of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack 
has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama 
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well 
so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar 
often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication 
the film 's ill-considered notion 
get back to your car in the parking lot 
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and 
love him 
of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries 
after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) 
a single iota worse 
has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best 
could very well clinch him this year 's razzie 
profound characterizations 
most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars 
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that 
is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain . 
romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy 
except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine 
the multi-layers 
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - 
's good enough to be the purr 
really rattling the viewer 
cinematic bon bons 
, hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity . 
hideous yellow 
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined 
by his lack of self-awareness 
female friendship that men can embrace and 
about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure 
kid-empowerment fantasy 
slice of comedic bliss 
it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness 
cheesy screenplay 
had this much imagination and nerve 
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing 
throbbing sincerity 
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it . 
one of the best 
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world . 
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics . 
is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends 
artificiality 
manipulative and contrived 
to be distasteful to children and adults alike 
is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh . 
sardonic jolt 
crowd pleaser 
the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 
stretches of impact and moments of awe 
even better than the first one 
'll cry for your money back 
bother to rent this on video 
sad nonsense , this 
the gabbiest giant-screen movie 
the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends 
, it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . 
hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter 
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama 
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong . 
it 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought . 
the action as gripping 
of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy 
colorful , dramatized pbs program 
puts the sting back into the con 
how lame 
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks 
an entertaining movie 
has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 
sucking you 
( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film 
reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm 
so intimate and sensual and funny and 
of its grand locations 
ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 
the movie tries to make sense of its title character 
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them . 
a whole lot of nada 
of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery 
a smart , provocative drama 
first major studio production 
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed . 
writer / director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity 
the edge 
a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection 
like max rothman 's future , does not work . 
meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics . 
short of true inspiration 
a really cool bit 
shallow , noisy and pretentious . 
in such a gloriously goofy way 
dry humor and jarring shocks 
is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 
, characterization , poignancy , and intelligence 
scherfig , the writer-director 
is consistently amusing and engrossing 
powder blues 
it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree 
offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 
is a step down for director gary fleder 
the picture in some evocative shades 
to the soggy performances 
comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? 
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but 
brightly optimistic 
spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot 
been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks 
virtually no aftertaste 
everything meshes in this elegant entertainment 
, hollywood is sordid and disgusting . 
a potentially incredibly twisting mystery 
is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone 
the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars 
lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' 
about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 
a ragbag of cliches 
neither original 
unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke 
honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction . 
sucks you in and 
one bright shining star 
reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans 
with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor 
a powerful and telling story 
warm and 
does not live up to its style 
, this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 
has a lot of charm 
the notion of deleting emotion from people 
memorable directorial debut 
fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat 
entirely suspenseful , 
offers some flashy twists and 
a bad soap opera 
's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers 
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it 
was n't a good movie 
one level 
love interest 
best and 
is extraordinary . 
every faltering half-step of its development 
real emotional impact 
is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world 
vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse 
, but because of the startling intimacy 
has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references 
to enjoy its own transparency 
queasy 
're down 
is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be 
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles 
and no one ) 
's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it 
like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables 
determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering 
her share of the holiday box office pie 
witty 
seemed bored 
rather slow 
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm 
see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 
in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable 
pushiness and decibel volume 
what 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor . 
come even easier . 
no idea what in creation is going on 
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap . 
eviction 
even more reassuring 
terrible story 
by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 
the original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece ! 
perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul 
a manipulative whitewash 
or worth rooting against , for that matter 
this mess 
a tap-dancing rhino 
it 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . 
enough clever and unexpected 
makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook 
( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! 
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , 
is a failure . 
sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot 
a strong-minded viewpoint , 
is , by itself , deserving of discussion 
sometimes confusing 
of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job 
and yet completely familiar 
action and 
this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs 
seems as if each watered down the version of the one before 
find love in the most unlikely place 
`` frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! '' 
oppressively heavy 
they wo n't enjoy the movie at all . 
have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart . 
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , 
hallmark film 
while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture 
most magical and most fun family fare 
a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride 
complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones 
worth a look 
sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play 
clients 
give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , 
... it feels like a glossy rehash . 
with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing 
something fascinating 
christ 
's betting her third feature will be something to behold 
generating suspense 
the head of the class of women 's films 
who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act 
loud , chaotic and 
successful animated movies 
without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 
behave like kids 
provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen . 
serious subject matter and dark , funny humor 
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm 
you find comfort in familiarity 
enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded 
is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers 
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati . 
smart , funny look 
passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge 
the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films 
brooding 
the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while 
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd . 
are too simplistic to maintain interest 
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing 
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one . 
carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated 
humor throughout 
than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes 
veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic 
seal the deal 
has a huge heart 
is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 
stays there for the duration 
give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears 
folds under its own thinness . 
delusional 
translate well 
have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances 
taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ) 
ear-splitting 
finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s 
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , 
upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 
is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure 
explosive physical energy and 
cheesy dialogue 
inferior 
be an important movie , or even a good one 
most poorly staged 
a well-mounted history lesson 
those crass , contrived sequels 
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film 
to enter and accept another world 
entirely charming 
a frustrating misfire 
, they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . 
hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy 
witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and 
honest performances 
terrific performances 
compelling and horrifying story 
its perfunctory conclusion 
the dark theater 
loses its overall sense of mystery and 
sleep 
is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended . 
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage 
has all the outward elements of the original 
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... 
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , 
the best thing 
were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one 
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ? 
powerful people 
the whole package 
fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage 
is turning in some delightful work on indie projects 
the slack complacency 
good performances 
has usually 
be shallow 
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames . 
submerging 
right 
that 's its first sign of trouble . 
risky 
good actors 
nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book 
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . 
horrible pains 
that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy 
with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage 
innocent 
that falls far short 
if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes 
felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world . 
in its yearning for the days 
does this so well 
ultra-violent gangster wannabe 
the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . 
lost its edge 
this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . 
been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again 
, this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
surprised 
sprightly 
highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within . 
a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains 
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... 
two best films 
daughter 
hitler 
plateau 
presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years 
reading an oversized picture book before bedtime 
a solid and refined piece 
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie 
then the film is a pleasant enough dish . 
jim carrey 
reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap 
christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot 
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed 
from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona 
an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera 
make this worth a peek 
in short 
dumped 
is moving 
major acting lessons and 
the film has ( its ) moments , but they are few and far between 
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . 
ideally 
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction 
have failed 
a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre 
moved to the edge of their seats 
break up 
this tale has been told and retold ; 
, bile , and irony 
from a woodland stream 
the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller 
saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy 
most horrific 
a phlegmatic bore , 
to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) 
will surely be profane , politically 
laziness and arrogance 
to be delightfully compatible here 
an enthusiastic audience 
in its sparkling beauty 
provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience 
most excruciating 86 minutes one 
is somehow making its way instead to theaters 
will have a fun , no-frills ride 
a chilling tale 
spain 
, with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 
will be lulled into a coma . 
stylishly directed with verve 
offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed 
it will just as likely make you weep , 
rip-off 
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . 
shoddy male hip hop fantasy 
're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . 
create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn 
to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness 
neglects 
he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
casts attractive and talented actors 
all the verbal marks it should 
by the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . ' 
is deadpan 
drama that takes itself all too seriously 
of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) 
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; 
and dreary piece 
ethereal beauty 
lovefest 
no timeout 
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony . 
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but 
green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that . 
live together 
by its own pretentious self-examination 
some of the best special effects 
unexpectedly insightful 
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan 
to shout insults at the screen 
that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely 
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . 
aimless story 
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and 
learns that believing in something does matter 
rated eee for excitement 
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving . 
makes barbershop so likable 
offend 
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and 
touching british comedy 
proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . 
an abused , inner-city autistic 
is like binging on cotton candy 
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously 
find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted 
gaining much momentum 
, you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort 
uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! 
quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer 
i killed my father 
a solid movie 
it all unfolds predictably 
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination . 
a gorgeous film 
if this is cinema 
love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today 
duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks 
riveting , brisk delight 
the astute direction of cardoso and 
balanced film 
grey zone 
is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre 
will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 
that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 
, it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing . 
( t ) he script is n't up to the level of the direction 
, narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve . 
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , 
the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 
pleasant distraction 
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished . 
despite the opulent lushness of every scene 
a freedom 
gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . 
as the most original in years 
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it . 
become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle 
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice 
the dead ( water ) weight of the other 
'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point . 
the weight of too many story lines 
their quirky and fearless ability 
all-time great apocalypse movies 
the worst titles 
well integrated 
sitcomishly predictable and cloying 
with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural 
rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday 
to be pleasant in spite of its predictability 
a weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media 
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but 
deceptively simple , 
sex with strangers 
more ambitious 
an intriguing look 
idiotic 
hilariously wicked black comedy 
two fine , nuanced lead performances 
self-aware , often self-mocking , 
, from the incongruous but chemically 
his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form 
is amazing , 
clunky 
salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life 
deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty 
claim to express warmth and longing 
will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience 
the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel 
new energy 
unremittingly ugly movie 
shreve 's graceful dual narrative 
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; 
a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem 
's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 
represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch 
sillier , not scarier 
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , 
jackass 
a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle 
has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics . 
this good 
, it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . 
are entertaining and audacious moments 
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep 
interesting developments 
its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion 
story and pace 
very bright 
the vagueness 
whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned 
a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but 
textbook lives 
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope 
their charm does n't do a load of good 
incredibly thoughtful 
major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche 
's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating 
to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium 
fail 
lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing . 
awful movie 
has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself 
it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them . 
connect with on any deeper level 
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze . 
, the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 
grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun 
pompous and garbled 
that is dark 
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material 
is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry 
, ` how can you charge money for this ? ' 
at best , i 'm afraid . 
an engaging story 
hit that may strain adult credibility . 
with fondness and respect 
becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . 
, at least terribly monotonous 
independent film 
banal 
pathetic junk 
hollow at its emotional core 
makes its message resonate . 
to many clichés 
blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew . 
photographed and beautifully recorded 
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . 
it definitely gives you something to chew on 
capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves 
, letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 
a half-assed film . 
ignite 
wit and warmth 
that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title 
tried as a war criminal 
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait 
it is very difficult to care about the character , and 
bad mannered 
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body 
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller 
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not 
is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders . 
're treading water at best in this forgettable effort 
simply a re-hash of the other seven films . 
volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness 
from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival 
distinct and very welcome sense 
out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life 
's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role . 
unhappy 
major pleasures 
clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years 
some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and 
move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film 
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled 
is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery 
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves 
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , 
clever and very satisfying picture 
jarring shocks 
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and 
be over 
lethargic 
is an inspirational love story , 
engaging fantasy 
an emotionally satisfying exploration 
very good 
, then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . 
uncomfortable class resentment 
terrific special effects and funnier gags 
padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation 
riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 
is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family 
tends to do a little fleeing of its own . 
no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him 
about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera 
, it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him 
the russian word for wow !? ' 
with a tale full of nuance and character dimension 
the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals . 
seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times . 
with a twisted sense of humor 
ms. phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening . 
is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh 
such clarity 
that 's better than its predecessor 
most savagely hilarious 
rather thin moral 
incredibly layered and stylistic film 
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on 
uncharted depths 
the movie is without intent . 
enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode 
a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism 
blasphemous and nonsensical 
sloppy 
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd . 
with wit and originality 
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , 
that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium 
the film is full of charm . 
out-of-kilter 
hard-hitting documentary 
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well 
generates little narrative momentum , and 
best disney movie 
're far better served by the source material 
this turgid fable 
sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful 
denouement 
often achieves a level of connection and concern 
has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances 
to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved 
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 
simply runs out of ideas 
to find the small , human moments 
engage and even touch us 
equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information 
which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach 
hour-and-a-half-long commercial 
gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . 
have the best of both worlds 
welcome , if downbeat , missive 
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy 
best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . 
big-budget/all-star movie 
not a trace 
by corrupt and hedonistic weasels 
incompetent , 
's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth 
becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are . 
for each other 
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting 
succeeded only in making me groggy . 
in search of purpose or even a plot 
is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often 
have returned from the beyond to warn you 
share no chemistry or engaging charisma 
carry the film with their charisma 
has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point 
compliment 
just utter ` uhhh , ' 
it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but 
a selection of scenes in search of a movie 
but still entertaining 
of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm 
skip this dreck , rent animal house and 
with unimaginable demons 
is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten 
you second-guess your affection for the original 
resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 
gesturing 
crummy 
sappy situations and dialogue 
has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream 
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life . 
smart , funny , subtle , and resonant 
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... 
, but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds . 
politically charged 
would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera 
to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop 
a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . 
cult 
a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie 
's surprisingly decent , particularly 
as original and insightful 
the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end . 
everything about girls ca n't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way . 
slap 
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame 
miss congeniality 
barely shocking , barely interesting 
has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one 
better off staying on the festival circuit 
may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going 
ugly 
rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis 
's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion . 
williams ' anarchy gets tiresome 
it 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion . 
sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys 
although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work . 
never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 
hollywood romance 
suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material . 
the nicest thing 
a fullness that does not negate the subject 
with humor , warmth , and intelligence 
of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd 
` gentle ' 
each one of these people stand out and 
's coherent 
, is repellantly out of control . 
too dry and too placid 
they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 
lookin ' for sin , american-style ? 
extraordinary debut 
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire 
say something about its subjects 
nearly perfect in their roles 
half past dead -- or for seagal 
a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment 
true believer 
laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment 
this story to go but down 
did n't smile . 
insightfully written , delicately performed 
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after ( seagal 's ) earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat . 
cheery 
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary . 
near-fatal mistake 
features fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity . 
be smarter and more diabolical 
it 's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia 
uses its pulpy core conceit 
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible 
twenty years later , e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone . 
a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 
rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption 
sense-of-humour 
as dahmer 
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . 
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding . 
search of purpose or even a plot 
encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be 
those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater 
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep 
and , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . 
cruelly funny 
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show . 
tricky and satisfying as any of david 
shallow rumination 
one well-timed explosion in a movie 
its funny moments 
know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . 
staggers between flaccid satire and what 
that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 
worst movies 
blazingly alive and admirable on many levels 
the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison 
with lots of sloppiness 
revenge-of-the-nerds clichés 
sentimental mess 
prepackaged 
lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold 
transcends ethnic lines . 
any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly 
know how to please the eye 
gentlemen 
seems uncertain 
, mesmerizing 
but the second half of the movie really goes downhill . 
exactly assured in its execution 
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any oscars 
most offensive thing 
... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality . 
helpful 
piece , a model of menacing atmosphere . 
amusing and unpredictable 
that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand 
force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover 
, the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 
thoroughly awful 
's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . 
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised . 
is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 
increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool 
it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special 
succeed merrily at their noble endeavor . 
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 
combined with indoctrinated prejudice 
a case of masochism and an hour and a half 
beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade 
watch this movie 
, funny , and even touching 
search of something different 
atrocious 
of justice 
drags during its 112-minute length 
more than a 
, intricate magic 
terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony 
wonderfully funny moments 
that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original 
stylish cast 
those who do n't entirely ` get ' godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . 
the original 
're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 
get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees 
does n't work as either . 
what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni 
a loose , poorly structured film 
a touching , small-scale story 
a low-budget series 
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock 
the lion king 
dim-witted and 
the misleading title 
annoying and 
pitch-perfect forster 
vibrant with originality 
conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year 
's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance 
badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . 
handsome and 
with few respites 
snide 
fool 
peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales , villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . 
's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest . 
's uninteresting . 
bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals 
slick and 
a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it 
toss-up 
wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work . 
eloquent ( meditation ) on death and 
looking for a return ticket to realism 
the spirit 
david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . 
cuts corners 
veracity 
are uncomfortably strained 
less-than-thrilling thriller . 
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does . 
completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque . 
into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes 
exquisite craftsmanship 
pathetic idea 
were hailed as the works of an artist . 
love , family and 
to sustain laughs 
the home alone formula 
satisfying well-made 
fun and nimble . 
terminally bland , painfully slow and 
insightful and 
nice piece 
improved 
( f ) rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative 
most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . '' 
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace . 
a climax 
most enchanting film 
horrid 
this is n't a new idea . 
ugh 
to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching 
a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events 
much stranger than any fiction 
awfully good , achingly human 
despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 
a gem of a movie 
it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year 
stay with the stage versions , however , 
hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 
to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept 
the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work 
this is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year . 
getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic 
beacon of hope 
tiresome rant 
intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business 
transcends 
to feed to the younger generations 
hollywood pipeline 
are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care 
( a ) crushing disappointment . 
future-world 
sad nonsense 
much funnier film 
both damning and damned compelling . 
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings 
some intelligent observations 
to shine through the gloomy film noir veil 
gentle and engrossing 
hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity . 
starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming 
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , 
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular 
has considerable charm 
frustrating patchwork 
do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies 
every member 
, indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . 
's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look 
how horrible 
splash without the jokes 
( jeff 's ) gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent . 
is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . 
finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore . 
wrong on both counts 
i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops 
the cinematic canon 
's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative 
mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon 
some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy 
is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 
kilt-wearing jackson 
you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . ' 
-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while . 
an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 
fascinating part 
's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously 
rekindle the magic of the first film 
bogged down in earnest dramaturgy 
puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less 
genuinely 
the power of their surroundings 
since the thrills pop up frequently 
a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget . 
has no place to go since simone is not real 
is n't heated 
bad , bad , bad movie 
with some laughs and a smile 
it 's good enough to be the purr 
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché 
a dependable concept 
is particularly impressive 
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and 
hideously 
he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 
legendary 
as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness 
rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations . 
we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold 
different ( and better ) 
, savvy , compelling 
derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone 
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , 
those famous moments 
dicaprio 's best performance 
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ? 
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , 
looking for something new 
it 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 . 
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking . 
's hardly watchable 
is tepid and tedious . 
... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here . 
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and 
, they prove more distressing than suspenseful . 
the most moronic screenplays 
other words , about as bad a film 
of one man 's quest to be president 
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins . 
degenerates into hogwash 
is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario 
enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen 
to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting 
endearing . 
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- 
sillier , cuter 
a moving tale 
on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 
sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic 
emphasising her plight and isolation 
leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance 
it 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters . 
worth a peek 
laced 
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement . 
his aversion 
, it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance . 
light the candles , bring out the cake 
is a trove of delights . 
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film . 
the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel 
a very good time at the cinema 
, the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan . 
fast-paced and wonderfully edited 
your own cleverness 
the holes in this film 
a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil 
never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti 
, lushly photographed and beautifully recorded . 
that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 
-- and deeply appealing -- 
world traveler gave me no reason to care 
a chilly , brooding but quietly 
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and 
lax and limp 
a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects 
's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , 
an undeniably moving film to experience 
atypically hypnotic approach 
pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 
than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album 
has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation 
suffered and bled 
in the spirit of the season 
miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes 
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and 
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking 
be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films 
lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency 
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period 
falls down 
in-depth portrait 
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window . 
the cinema world 's great visual stylists 
two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected 
capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke 
feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock 
plotless , 
be played out in any working class community in the nation 
really earned my indignant , preemptive departure 
, but fun . 
leaden and predictable 
with miscalculations 
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy 
whose sharp intellect 
a gobbler like this 
compelling mix 
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it 
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . 
, offensive and redundant 
forget 
also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives 
a measure of style 
the result is somewhat satisfying -- 
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry 
a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you 
a winning , heartwarming yarn 
desolate 
characteristically engorged 
refreshed 
no other purpose 
it 's stupid 
aggrieved father cliché 
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films 
most resonant film since the killer . 
neo-nazism 
of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . 
the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be 
something vital 
is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors 
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious 
the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers . 
really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets 
unfunny phonce 
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles 
odd movies 
taken it a step further , richer and deeper 
we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera 
trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull 
devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants 
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and 
will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . 
to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky 
a lovely film for the holiday season 
well-meant but unoriginal 
wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? 
can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 
sometimes both 
than franchise possibilities 
come off too amateurish and awkward 
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written 
how tedious 
have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned 
utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code 
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies 
red lights , a rattling noise 
spontaneous creativity 
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see . 
family dynamics 
goes awry 
with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically 
with remarkable skill 
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 
that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love 
frequently hilarious 
presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson 
hilarious ) 
would force you to give it a millisecond of thought 
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! 
action clichés 
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre 
silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller 
slow scenes 
richly 
is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 
avid 
boring 
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , 
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time 
that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' 
tear their eyes away 
catches you up in something bigger than yourself 
too safe 
your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california 
the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . 
a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism 
too violent and sordid to function as comedy 
with most of the big summer movies 
a commanding screen presence 
goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better . 
seems manufactured to me and artificial 
delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . 
're on the edge of your seat 
truly annoying 
versatile stanley kwan 
as darkly funny 
's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it 
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic . 
cleaner , and deeper 
juwanna mann 
the performances are worthwhile . 
of laughs 
is beyond playing fair with the audience 
anguish 
this slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon 
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . 
with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact 
that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes 
is filled with strange and wonderful creatures . 
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream . 
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . 
of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma 
i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 
two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd 
lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . 
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , 
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment 
with actorish notations on the margin of acting 
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion . 
a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham 
tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers 
has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky 
ghandi 
well-done supernatural thriller 
michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . 
would have a good time here . 
'd need a shower 
frozen tundra soap opera 
in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life 
a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese 
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed 
smart , funny and 
capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance 
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn . 
the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes 
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin 
the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius 
loses sight of its own story 
what kind of sewage 
'' starts out like a typical bible killer story 
's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 
, it is a great film . 
fluid , no-nonsense authority 
of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter 
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling 
the scenes of torture and self-mutilation 
other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 
, very well told with an appropriate minimum of means . 
pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism 
his several silly subplots 
special qualities 
a clever script and skilled actors 
inert sci-fi action thriller . 
sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story 
to being exciting 
vivid with color , music and life 
appealing character quirks 
golden book 
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . 
dark little morality tale 
a hole in the head 
hack 
unaware 
is n't merely offensive 
unimpressively 
, amusing and unsettling 
works on some levels 
a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude 
works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times 
laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser 
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- 
's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor . 
it 's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work . 
the solid filmmaking and 
madonna is one helluva singer . 
is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 
upbeat ending 
uninteresting 
are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before 
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . ' 
to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative 
that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken 
the story 's pathetic 
still serious problem 
is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail 
hitting your head 
is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . 
, insightful and entertaining 
embarrassingly 
a wartime farce in the alternately comic and 
repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness . 
, welcome to collinwood never catches fire . 
compelling , provocative and prescient 
rare depth 
savage full-bodied wit 
love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew 
the best star trek movie in a long time 
showcases 
bring out the cake 
survive a screening with little harm done , 
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and 
it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia 
like bad cinema 
stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film 
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era 
way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 
losing 
... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks . 
special 
skullduggery and 
is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film . 
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . 
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom 
fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching 
can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . 
to convince us of that all on their own 
may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work . 
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . 
worse 
of almost perpetually wasted characters 
admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies 
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be 
good , dry , reliable textbook 
sassy interpretation 
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 
be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film 
spy flick worthy 
de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . 
is precious little of either . 
in imagination and authentic christmas spirit 
an important director 
of the best next generation episodes 
it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness . 
goes further 
thinking about going to see this movie 
have to see it . 
is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material 
generosity 
create something original 
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls . 
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy 
a bland animated sequel that 
phoney-feeling 
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 
be the only one laughing at his own joke 
educates viewers with words and pictures 
lots of cute animals and clumsy people 
fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 
see it as soon as possible 
brave and sweetly 
fairly enjoyable 
relentlessly globalizing 
fulfill its own ambitious goals 
punching people in the stomach again 
that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home 
has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side . 
humor 
films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 
margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 
plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff 
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence . 
found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . 
developed 
kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design 
these things 
to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face 
'll enjoy the hot chick . 
i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking 
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously 
, sweet ` evelyn 
in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way 
intoxicating atmosphere and 
'll forget about it by monday , though 
by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy 
good guys and 
all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) 
the obnoxious title character 
disconcertingly 
grand fart 
want nothing else than to show us a good time 
so much to look 
in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil 
can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere 
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . 
, the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 
a great film 
familial 
ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie 
the touch is generally light enough and 
haul 'em to the theater 
one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen 
mr. caine and mr. fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances . 
designed to fill time 
short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries 
overstating 
mystery devoid 
stylish film 
stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours 
in addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic 
heavy on the atmospheric weirdness 
at its best , which occurs often , michael moore 's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` are we a sick society ? ' 
as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period 
characteristic style 
a bit anachronistic 
which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy 
gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching 
easy , seductive 
such a bad movie 
in other words , about as bad a film 
funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful 
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution 
's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid . 
most original fantasy film 
brought down by lousy direction . 
style and 
a fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh 
poetic 
coming-of-age drama 
to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting 
's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 
of lurid melodrama 
damned 
will all but take you to outer space 
this likable movie 
it ) comes off like a hallmark commercial 
on a 10-year delay 
slapstick and unfunny tricks 
by acute writing and a host of splendid performances 
incredible 
guessable from the first few minutes 
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children . 
beauty 
dull-witted 
often demented in a good way , 
effortless performance 
stirring tribute 
amusement 
hearts 
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , 
contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways 
rapid-fire delivery 
carries us effortlessly from darkness 
manner and flamboyant style 
elegant and eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions , love . 
duck the very issues it raises 
the unbearable lightness of being 
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly 
stuffs his debut 
is well worthwhile . 
a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor 
disgusting . 
offers winning performances and some effecting moments 
are becoming irritating 
another tired old vision 
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel 
swept away 
a new treasure 
the war of the roses , ' 
too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 
, you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . 
on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about 
take on loss and loneliness 
is one of those all-star reunions 
, you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . 
by this gentle comedy 
the integrity and vision 
mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage . 
of being a good documentarian 
a whale of a good time for both children and parents 
in boredom 
is an impossible task 
pathetic exploitation film 
the director 's talent 
is mesmerizing 
' the play more has partly closed it down . 
say for plenty of movies 
too much resonance 
it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 
modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance 
is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . 
from a severe case of hollywood-itis 
ate 
in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers 
is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice 
hugely enjoyable film 
that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain 
edgy thriller 
this fascinating -- and timely -- content 
a bad movie that 
the goods 
the young actors , not very experienced 
finds its tone and several scenes run 
marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today 
, invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . 
i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care 
nary an original idea 
no character 
fall dreadfully short . 
remains vividly in memory long 
scarily funny , 
is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened 
is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs 
fails him 
is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography . 
entirely improvised 
whether jason x is this bad on purpose 
mostly believable 
uptight 
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet 
emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable 
, overused cocktail 
only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny 
comic touch 
is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy 
shining with all the usual spielberg flair 
the answers 
keener is marvelous 
giggly 
bottom-rung 
gutless 
awakens 
one of the biggest disappointments of the year 
offers no new insight 
a certain ambition 
is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery . 
has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance . 
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do 
thoughtful minor classic 
spiritually 
the efforts of a first-rate cast 
demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 
while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift 
growing , moldering pile 
if there 's a heaven for bad movies 
proves it 's never too late to learn 
has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 
wal-mart checkout line 
leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing 
you can release your pent up anger 
worthy of our respect 
that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low 
top-notch british actor 
that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints 
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . 
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense . 
you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you 
undoubtedly 
who is chasing who 
a perceptive , good-natured movie 
grade-school audience 
once one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else . 
'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for 
embarrassment and 
of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries 
creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances 
make for one splendidly cast pair . 
an incoherent jumble 
already obscure 
has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery 
imbecilic 
breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina 
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part 
( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) 
is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences 
it appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making . 
apparent joy 
visual charm 
it may not be particularly innovative 
big fat liar is a real charmer 
nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects . 
penetrating , potent exploration 
delving 
the outer limits of raunch 
nothing 
with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences 
the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray 
we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why 
passive-aggressive psychology 
recommend big bad love only 
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me . 
in the worst elements of all of them 
an integrity 
fills me with revulsion 
uncompromising 
two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned 
smart and fun , but far more witty 
, like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with 
if encouraging return 
sickeningly 
of its spirit 
the world 's most generic rock star 
'' and `` terrible 
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and 
flat , unconvincing 
a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 
flat-out amusing , 
is muted 
bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people 
little sticky and unsatisfied 
be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow 
's pretty linear and only makeup-deep 
an impeccable sense 
find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie 
... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . 
gaunt 
even less capable trio 
graceful , moving tribute 
enough cool 
a mess from start to finish 
begins as a seven rip-off 
brash and mainly unfunny 
giant spider invasion comic chiller 
creates an impeccable sense of place 
forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves 
plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises 
a breath of fresh air 
the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery 
`` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film . 
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed 
, annoying , heavy-handed 
could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 
it attractive throughout 
's more enjoyable than i expected , though 
enjoyed it just as much ! 
of boring talking heads , etc . 
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but 
a complicated hero 
if you 've the patience , there are great rewards here . 
bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film . 
look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor . 
a lush , swooning melodrama 
instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza 
marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it . 
mothers , 
he or anyone else 
a greater knowledge 
sports-movie triumph 
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total 
a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire 
quite a bit of heart 
exploitation 
such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting 
in lovely and amazing 
feel like a short stretched out to feature length 
in me 
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour 
smart , sassy 
is the stuff that disney movies are made of 
most devastating flaw 
of 2-day old coke 
's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . 
is not , nor will he be , back 
the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion 
its success 
sag in certain places 
remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout 
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me . 
is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september 
recognized 
right questions 
sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill 
invaluable historical document thanks 
to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds 
not-so-funny 
where their heads were 
its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 
drag two-thirds through , 
it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees . 
highlander 
can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion ' 
kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious . 
a terrible movie 
phony humility 
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process . 
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , 
all the bad things in the world / 
through a prism 
a side dish no one ordered 
talent 
utter sincerity 
savor the pleasure of his sounds and images 
can handle 
two fatal ailments -- 
... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet . 
new 
the triumph of his band 
davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships 
intacto 's luckiest stroke 
unfunny one 
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) . 
making this character understandable , 
topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . 
to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams 
the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing . 
captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock 
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances 
from the demented mind 
frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! '' 
opera-ish dialogue 
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring 
assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 
from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 
lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks 
'' exceeds expectations . 
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook . 
the fierce grandeur 
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking . 
a love story as sanguine as its title 
jet 
humankind 's liberating ability 
the most incoherent 
a picture-perfect beach 
by flashes of mordant humor 
the novel charm 
walked out of runteldat 
deserving of its critical backlash and more 
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all 
high-profile 
astonish and entertain 
work as shallow entertainment , 
bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay . 
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust . 
strong first act 
we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and 
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters . 
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards . 
intermittently powerful study 
affected child acting 
and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 
mergers and downsizing 
creates sheerly cinematic appeal 
called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful 
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place . 
soap opera-ish story 
brash , intelligent and 
that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 
are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent . 
you wo n't care 
charming , 
is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors . 
betters it 
that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth 
's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all . 
our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions 
works beautifully 
the only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time . 
the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) 
feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 
while the story 's undeniably hard to follow , iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce . 
that have become a spielberg trademark 
is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever . 
's horribly depressing and not very well done 
in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears 
the boho art-house crowd 
, so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 
its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises 
... watching it was painful . 
tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic 
like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors 
infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart 
a huge mess 
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 
with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope 
it 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . 
non-firsthand experience 
the allegory with remarkable skill 
that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice 
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience . 
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon 
been given the drive of a narrative 
that the answer is as conventional as can be 
be made on the cheap 
like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form . 
bad cinema 
is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors 
treats us 
a likable story , told with competence 
a good race , 
comedic employment 
from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 
modus 
there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and 
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense . 
that stubbornly refused to gel 
an 88-minute highlight reel 
i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next 
makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs 
it 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere . 
piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying . 
thrilling combination 
that is sure to win viewers ' hearts 
damn funny stuff 
knockout 
stylish psychological thriller 
ill-considered 
would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes 
one of the most repellent things 
is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it 
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... 
an admirable , 
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture . 
of corny dialogue and preposterous moments 
lovingly 
perceptive , good-natured movie 
resonant film since the killer 
amusing , 
delivering a dramatic slap 
take me back to a time before i saw this movie 
it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 
comic chiller 
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and 
in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times 
form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare . 
money-oriented 
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is 
memorable film 
than its fair share of saucy 
call it a work of art 
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer . 
unmemorable 
, touching , smart and complicated 
's not too much of anything . 
8 crazy nights 
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending . 
a good ear for dialogue , 
it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality 
dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated 
a predictable , manipulative stinker . 
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , 
turn down a big bowl of that 
seduce and conquer 
sick and demented humor 
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke 
bungle their way through the narrative 
is a whole lot of nada 
greatest pictures 
works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 
its usual worst 
steeped in fairy tales and other childish things 
a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn 
anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation 
be lulled into a coma 
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 
will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker 
auto-critique 
has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence . 
is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 
trimmed 
tartly 
swooping down on a string of exotic locales 
low , very low , very very low 
fights 
sly , sophisticated and surprising 
`` 13 conversations about one thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 
can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . 
wholly unnecessary 
becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair 
bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene . 
induces headaches more slowly 
a travesty of a transvestite comedy 
the strain of its plot contrivances 
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience . 
has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . ' 
wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching 
which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance 
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family 
a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque 
if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing 
big bloody stew 
accumulated enjoyment 
limpid and conventional historical fiction 
could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment 
while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . 
required to give this comic slugfest some heart 
been kind enough to share it 
inherently caustic and 
the rollicking dark humor so necessary 
thought-provoking and stylish 
thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . 
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject 
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) 
chill 
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , 
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed . 
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable 
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone 
is still worth 
while the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation . 
are underwhelming 
begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 
fixating on a far corner of the screen at times 
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially 
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film . 
been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference 
, it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work . 
delicate balance 
a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame 
is somewhat problematic 
it is quite a vision . 
relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form 
that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature 
leaves him shooting blanks 
uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely 
is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next . 
finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson 
for its overwhelming creepiness 
( lee ) treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . 
, spielberg knows how to tell us about people . 
how clever 
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller 
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine . 
twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 
that in a good way 
tank 
a few laughs but nothing else 
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact 
fresh or enjoyable 
its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering 
old story 
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling 
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo 
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 
single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department 
bad behavior 
all its brilliant touches 
strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression . 
's just as wonderful on the big screen 
cheesy 
leaden script 
good things happen to bad people 
's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie . 
is clearly not zhang 's forte 
, his little changes ring hollow 
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph . 
's not just a feel-good movie 
though its story is only surface deep 
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film 
veteran 
strangely tempting bouquet 
a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half 
its charm 
create characters 
gorgeous exterior photography 
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america . 
dragons ! 
the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar . 
shrek 
need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work . 
who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby 
works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh 
a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games 
as the long-faced sad sack 
a highly watchable , giggly little story 
a lot more bluster than bite 
a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music 
, absurd collection 
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , 
hostile 
more goodies 
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted . 
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise . 
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and 
a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ... 
is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film 
a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire 
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon 
like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 
trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , 
most horrific movie experience 
supremely good 
the absurdity 
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation 
tired of going where no man has gone before 
ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents 
director anne fontaine 
accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises 
it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at . 
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't 
the coen brothers and 
of strictly a-list players 
defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 
keep it from being simpleminded 
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , 
thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice . 
, you 'll cheer . 
what a reckless squandering of four fine 
morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick 
the stories work and 
the lack-of-attention span 
make for some robust and scary entertainment 
that reaches across time and distance 
, masterful 
as inspiring 
mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . 
initially gripping 
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment 
leaks treacle from every pore . 
the excitement is missing 
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very 
hurts 
take as many drugs as the film 's characters 
also rocks . 
anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts 
that suffers because of its many excesses 
sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated 
of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with 
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or 
is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame . 
snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza 
peevish 
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley . 
seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense . 
is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs . 
provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . 
psychological thriller 
too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice 
result in a movie that works against itself 
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch . 
the incredible storyline 
low rent from frame one . 
music fans 
more hackneyed 
-- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants . 
is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise 
, simple-minded and stereotypical 
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces 
loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 
many definitions of ` time waster ' 
thinks-it-is joke 
satisfying 
ke 
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk 
a phlegmatic bore 
before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . 
harks 
egocentricities 
that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week 
is neither dramatic nor comic 
esteemed writer-actor 
the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal 
than romantic 
as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination 
emerges as the very best of them 
's never dull and always looks good 
limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or 
feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope 
not all of the stories work and the ones that do 
've got a huge mess 
earns extra points 
glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat 
a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see 
at last 
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- 
everyone , especially movie musical fans 
the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away 
its own staggeringly unoriginal terms 
infuses it 
true to his principles 
get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth 
is silly but strangely believable . 
a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise 
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days 
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . 
vulgar dialogue and 
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist 
the works of an artist 
just unlikable 
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe 
irritates 
's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing . 
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals 
acting that could be any flatter 
to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment 
succeeds 
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . 
instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull 
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds . 
gracious , eloquent film 
quite vapid 
the working 
eyes 
passion and pretence 
mourns her tragedies in private 
aging sandeman 
's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage 
, stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . 
because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out 
a slap-happy series 
any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look . 
humble , teach and 
are too immature and unappealing to care about 
, that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat . 
one of the funniest motion 
it also will win you over , in a big way 
: an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 
divine 
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman . 
be both hugely entertaining and uplifting 
emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook 
works on no level whatsoever for me . 
, wistful new film 
cinematic deception 
excellent 
authentic christmas spirit 
even lower-wit 
rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 
, ugly , irritating 
film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 
turntablism 
no way original , 
a banal spiritual quest 
borrows heavily 
sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait 
includes too much obvious padding 
is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . 
a distinctly minor effort 
great fun , 
thrilled 
not-so-funny gags 
unentertaining 
is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish 
gorgeously 
is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime . 
emotionally at least ) 
fun and reminiscent 
writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza . 
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls . 
to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies 
do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept 
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots 
a kick out of goofy brits 
, starving and untalented 
better characters 
is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts 
rapturous 
wise 
playful respite 
where a masterpiece should be 
would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative 
be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi 
exceeds 
there 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties . 
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama 
simply feel wrong 
south park 
viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies 
you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards . 
which gives you an idea just how bad it was 
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past 
brutally clueless 
's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' 
upping the ante 
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow 
this story about love and culture 
ol' 
, holds the screen like a true star . 
double-barreled rip-off 
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and 
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles 
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed . 
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and 
weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens 
, and gently tedious in its comedy 
generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series 
to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago 
to cram too many ingredients into one small pot 
the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments 
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten . 
revigorates 
even less capable 
film festival 
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next . 
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and 
so sloppy , so uneven , so 
wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . 
dull procession 
as if it were an obligation 
tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy . 
understands the workings of its spirit 
admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace 
a life like this can sound so dull 
nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion 
has some of the best special effects ever 
that 's right 
a kingdom more mild than wild 
that tries to be smart 
believe that resident evil is not it . 
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody 
curse 
adroit 
it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 
blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is 
repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but 
, for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent 
more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine 
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids . 
its logical loopholes , 
abrupt 
parents beware 
by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once 
the wanton slipperiness 
its heart , 
did n't hollywood think of this sooner 
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and 
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling . 
should see it as soon as possible . ' 
all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure 
settle for 
blatant and sickening product placement 
you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it 
is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you . 
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down . 
as a seven rip-off 
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it 
the most oddly honest hollywood document of all 
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy . 
believing in something does matter 
distracting special effects and visual party tricks 
most thoughtful films 
dollars 
predominantly amateur 
it 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long . 
often surprising 
for the tube 
natural running time 
, thoughtful , unapologetically raw 
more relevant than 9 1/2 weeks 
made the first one charming 
be punishable by chainsaw 
so intensely , but with restraint 
sharp and 
are innocent , childlike and inherently funny 
is wickedly fun 
love sweetly 
's most refreshing about real women have curves 
's a dull girl , that 's all 
relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius 
invented to describe exactly how bad it is 
simple title 
is solid 
to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles 
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , 
is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 
that is presented with universal appeal 
has any sting to it 
the road warrior 
it 's in danger of going wrong 
failing 
in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing 
and satirical touches 
are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away 
trash-cinema roots 
a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences 
lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features . 
more experimental in its storytelling 
of overwhelming waste 
i suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . 
, flat drama 
is ingenious fun 
in imax in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen . 
reel in when we should be playing out 
gawky 
one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt 
often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness 
be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame 
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often . 
right-thinking ' films 
, hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it . 
a wonderful subject 
lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . 
while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 
fancy 
to have their kids 
no solace here , no entertainment value , 
spirals downward , and 
a full experience , 
mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot 
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! '' 
worked 
a movie this bad 
thanks to the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises . 
captivating and 
comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 
of good old-fashioned escapism 
lovely film 
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... 
it actually improves upon the original hit movie 
possibly will enjoy it 
the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack 
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes 
tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy 
accurate 
if religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away . 
is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . 
to gluing you to the edge of your seat 
consider it ` perfection . ' 
goofiness 
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : 
pure composition 
fairly trite narrative 
must be a serious contender for the title . 
gooding is the energetic frontman , 
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility . 
by storm 
sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater 
be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) 
is n't as compelling or as believable 
suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life 
of visual and verbal clichés 
excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone 
sumptuous ocean visuals 
is a remarkably original work . 
zany ' 
manipulation or corny conventions 
sharply comic 
the soggy performances 
filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . 
a too-conscientious adaptation 
illuminated 
a lousy script 
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance 
game supporting cast 
, and unforgettable characters 
refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original 
a quaint , romanticized rendering 
awfully entertaining 
it 's still not a good movie 
back-stabbing 
's also uninspired , 
stylish but steady , and 
does have its charms . 
in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 
does n't quite go the distance 
thrilling 
the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent 
have all but ruined his career 
insults 
finely written 
more than people 
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . 
more fascinating -- being real -- 
contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls . 
make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see 
discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again 
an extraordinary 
comes alive 
good music documentary 
above its disgusting source material 
a naturally funny film , home movie 
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies . 
you 'll end up moved . 
the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable 
the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality . 
that are more silly than scary 
barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it 
rude and crude humor 
ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 
an engaging 
, action-packed chiller 
spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications 
undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation 
look sophisticated 
half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 
you enough to feel good about 
few nonbelievers 
skeptics 
to capture these musicians in full regalia 
is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation . 
it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory 
more than competent 
a movie as artificial and soulless 
the third revenge of the nerds sequel 
is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . 
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway . 
would -- with moist eyes 
needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 
come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another . 
eerily accurate depiction 
rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks 
even dies . 
as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet 
the jokes are flat 
modest , crowd-pleasing goals 
the acting is just fine , but 
a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome 
this mess of a movie 
should see it as soon as possible . 
wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion 
this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass 
about the pitfalls of bad behavior 
an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film 
the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters 
has a great cast and a great idea 
does n't deliver a great story , nor 
of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults 
can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken 
an unflinching and objective look 
proves itself a more streamlined 
of scorn 
... really horrible drek . 
thousand cliches 
an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so 
decent tv outing 
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; 
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries 
the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience 
lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material 
this smart 
as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film 
the power of this movie is undeniable . 
that is warm , inviting , and surprising 
steven seagal 
much to do , too little time to do it in 
juxtapositions 
is presented with universal appeal 
ultimately empty 
of a genuine and singular artist 
reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon 
, however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 
intelligent , and humanly funny film 
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . 
derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded 
, this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian . 
to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick 
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and 
oppressive 
to be a boy truly in love with a girl 
succumbs to gravity and plummets 
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture 
woody allen has really found his groove these days . 
impress about e.t. 
the good , which is its essential problem 
unlikable , uninteresting , 
bright shining star 
and poorly-constructed comedy 
instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash 
a rollicking adventure for you and 
jaw-dropping action sequences 
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie 
such a buoyant , expressive flow of images 
darkly funny and frequently insightful . 
is just such an achievement . 
a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to 
entertained by 
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment 
make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 
repulsive and 
they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . 
a serious contender for the title 
searching for its identity 
so crass 
witherspoon 's talents 
is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year . 
puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars 
, warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy . 
the pacing is deadly 
has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen 
it feels like unrealized potential 
the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and 
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- 
sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion ' 
will lead when given the opportunity 
the best of the swashbucklers 
has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 
a war tribute 
a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 
domestic tension and unhappiness 
rambling and incoherent 
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional . 
this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy . 
that fails on so many levels 
amazingly lame . 
takes a classic story 
confusion and 
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive 
's low on both suspense and payoff 
as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and 
a powerful emotional wallop 
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them 
less a movie 
cinematic poo . 
woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken 
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich 
preposterousness 
ensure that the film is never dull 
is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted . 
be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie 
be a bit repetitive 
of bible parables and not an actual story 
stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper 
fairly solid -- not to mention 
, daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope 
is the action as gripping 
fairly parochial melodrama 
good taste 
phony 
a major waste 
's little to recommend snow dogs 
is the best star trek movie in a long time . 
in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . 
a solid emotional impact 
treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . 
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but 
, time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 
genre a bad name . 
is little else to recommend `` never again . 
a complex psychological drama 
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography 
screwed-up 
there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . 
an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling 
of the best films 
of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences 
in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism 
the energetic and always surprising performance 
if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow 
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and 
very distinctive sensibility 
buffoons 
undisputed scores a direct hit . 
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton 
it 's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul 
conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head 
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women 
decent performance 
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard . ' 
after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling . 
about movie love 
of exploiting molestation for laughs 
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels . 
about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length 
and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence . 
potentially interesting 
separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd 
the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service 
utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them . 
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and 
mesmerizing performance 
ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities 
of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film 
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives . 
astonishing grandeur 
laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive . 
remarkably cohesive whole 
a verbal duel 
enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd 
the mediocre end 
stay with the stage versions 
, entertaining comedy 
prove diverting enough 
it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker 
's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition 
a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views . 
length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue 
sinister inspiration 
is technically sophisticated in the worst way . 
the most affecting depictions of a love affair 
the incredible imax sound system 
blown 
such a vibrant , colorful world 
so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer 
one of those so-so films that could have been much better 
vulgarity 
noisy and 
's soulful and unslick 
you 've a taste for the quirky 
interesting '' 
apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 
seamless and sumptuous stream 
two flagrantly fake thunderstorms 
it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide . 
hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation . 
dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped 
poetic force 
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and 
obvious 
a tasty performance from vincent gallo 
understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself 
admirable energy 
in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself 
joyful 
of our best actors 
are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent 
with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises 
a gentle film 
makes this a high water mark for this genre 
disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling 
contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions 
poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws 
full of grace 
moralizing 
to the integrity and vision of the band 
the all-time great apocalypse movies 
in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off 
infinitely wittier version 
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants . 
mugs mercilessly 
nothing special and , until the final act , nothing 
is out of his league 
for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem 
less-is-more 
is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting 
the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel 
judging by those standards , ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary . 
does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers 
bad direction and bad acting 
misconceived final 
this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . 
on an elegant visual sense and a talent 
's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role 
dislocation 
dumb gags , anatomical humor , 
yet depressing 
all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability 
like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars 
rich detail condensed 
a seven rip-off 
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart 
, but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity . 
reasonably creative eighth-grader 
nothing better to do with 94 minutes 
elevates the experience to a more mythic level 
awakening and 
contrived , lame screenplay 
immature and 
a splendid meal 
's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 
glorified sitcom 
ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 
a very resonant chord 
's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit 
touching and tender 
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , 
is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs 
( scherfig ) has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll . 
librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 
funny 
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , 
hate it 
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects 
help overcome the problematic script . 
creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine 
big bloody chomps 
clumsy dialogue , 
by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) 
is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . 
highest power 
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , 
ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory . 
most good-hearted yet 
far less endearing disabilities 
sabotaged 
sympathetic characters 
a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix 
a witty expose 
ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 
's much to recommend the film . 
quirkily appealing 
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one . 
recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders 
it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one . 
love stories you will ever see . 
without merit 
most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 
's icky . 
is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb 
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air . 
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 
you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her 
of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly 
if nothing else , `` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 
understated performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career 
some of the computer animation is handsome , 
marvelous performance 
of a happy ending 
that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship 
smart , compelling drama 
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america 
is handled with intelligence and care 
first-rate performances 
if you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it . 
's nothing resembling a spine here 
like a well-made pb & j sandwich 
between farcical and loathsome 
this dubious product of a college-spawned ( colgate u. ) comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips . 
too cynical 
can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change 
delightful surprise 
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , 
with the best of them 
after next spreads them pretty thin 
is a convincing one 
after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans . 
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations 
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity 
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense 
content and narrative strength 
enthralling documentary 
sustains it beautifully 
yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth 
that 's been given the drive of a narrative and 
alexandre dumas classic 
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom . 
no-nonsense authority 
wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder . 
they 'll probably run out screaming . 
nauseating 
so flabby 
this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen . 
whiny and 
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day . 
the chatter 
an intriguing bit 
the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life 
a testament to the integrity and vision of the band 
ill-wrought hypothesis 
the affable maid 
's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all 
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade . 
bland , obnoxious 88-minute 
the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times 
was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism . 
witty dialogue and inventive moments 
in the worst sense of the expression 
the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal 
a scummy ripoff 
of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 
a medium-grade network sitcom -- 
valuable messages 
begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully . 
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people 
is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . 
leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face 
the plight 
's nothing to gain from watching they 
disguise the fact 
maintains a cool distance 
`` superior '' 
examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor . 
sits in the place where a masterpiece should be . 
having an old friend for dinner ' 
patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks 
merely bad rather than 
the emperor 's club any time 
rich veins of funny stuff in this movie 
as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day 
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) 
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' 
promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 
cross-dressing 
kids = misery 
's packed with just as much intelligence as action 
with wisdom and emotion 
even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy 
let 's get this thing over with 
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged . 
never springs to life 
of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy 
even through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling 
is often way off 
an enjoyable 100 minutes 
all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . 
an energetic , extreme-sports adventure 
as the movie sputters 
by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 
conceptually brilliant ... plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown . 
ray liotta 
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it . 
most effective 
a neat premise 
was n't enough 
better person 
takes hold and grips hard . 
a welcome step 
as a detailed personal portrait 
how ridiculous and money-oriented 
falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting 
you 'll still be glued to the screen . 
perfectly pitched 
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it . 
defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome 
addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic 
lack contrast 
unsubtle and 
intense and engrossing 
mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing 
zealand coming-of-age movie 
made with an enormous amount of affection 
flower-power liberation 
manipulative claptrap , 
to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls 
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , 
... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags . 
come to care about the main characters 
'm afraid . 
seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many . 
good period reconstruction 
fax 
yet compelling 
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem 
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message 
... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 
ever spill from a projector 's lens 
technical proficiency 
stroke 
horrible poetry 
is so bad 
elicits strong performances 
its creator 's comic voice 
mysterious , sensual 
to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry 
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't . 
enthusiastically 
no discernible feeling 
'll only put you to sleep . 
feels impersonal , almost generic 
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places 
from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own 
howler 
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , 
you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer 
most pleasurable expressions 
special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest 
that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone 
the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i 
unspeakably , 
the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory 
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time . 
be good 
possibly the worst film 
leaves no southern stereotype unturned 
a tired , predictable 
has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness . 
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and 
interesting cinematic devices 
director lee has a true cinematic knack , 
like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 
are attached to the concept of loss 
as the treat of the title 
a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 
instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust . 
a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen 
there 's no good answer to that one . 
international acclaim 
demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop . 
could n't 
seemingly 
your seat a couple of times 
to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade 
a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns 
unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- 
such a well-defined sense 
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but 
an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) 
think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity 
turns into an ocean of trouble 
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... 
to easy jokes and insults 
imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen 
the direction of spielberg 
a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud 
virtually no understanding 
to be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake ! 
's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy 
tremendous 
would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out 
, in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 
put away the guitar , sell the amp , and 
hard to stop watching 
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point 
( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , 
robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . 
supporting 
the best of a growing strain of daring films 
, schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 
the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad . 
thoughtful and unflinching examination 
in its bold presentation 
an especially well-executed television movie 
drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst 
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust 
's like an all-star salute 
in its committed dumbness 
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing 
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior . 
a hoot in a bad-movie way 
enter 
the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine 
the rare imax movie that you 'll wish 
overmanipulative 
court maneuvers 
dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick 
's also disappointing to a certain degree 
in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted 
with passion and attitude 
in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . 
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but 
children behave like adults and everyone 
, this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . 
is a plodding mess 
best and most mature 
'' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . 
some serious suspense 
all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope 
slimed in the name of high art 
intelligence or invention 
woefully hackneyed movie 
while not quite `` shrek '' or `` monsters , inc. '' , it 's not too bad . 
for nice evening out 
rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian . 
of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream 
floundering 
ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot 
their heroic capacity for good 
seem to match the power of their surroundings 
their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) 
leers , 
being bored 
the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative 
spirit-crushing ennui 
miserably 
whimsical humor 
this is even better than the fellowship . 
her fearlessness 
officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny . 
appealingly manic and energetic 
more confused , less interesting and more 
accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . 
is as predictable as the tides 
has plenty of laughs 
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family 
do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth 
sam mendes 
leave the theater 
, it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 
uneven but a lot of fun 
ensures 
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it 
argue 
that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch 
too many flashbacks 
proficient , dull sorvino 
stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy 
's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix 
intolerable company 
be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen 
the memorable character creations 
dared 
this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor . 
to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 
to cliches and pat storytelling 
to be truly prurient 
seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow 
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany . 
it is to be ya-ya 
a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential 
inauthentic 
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy . 
enough quirky and satirical touches 
that did not figure out a coherent game 
well-executed spy-thriller . 
as the worst kind of hubristic folly 
lovely and 
undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice 
sexy slip 
are both overplayed and exaggerated 
allowing us to find the small , human moments , and 
being able to creep the living hell out of you 
impressive style 
filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo 
downright creepy 
... familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . 
celebrates the human spirit 
a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence 
an action/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat . 
effective 
have a great time 
big summer movies 
conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all . 
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense 
energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested . 
delightful hand shadows 
have a hard time 
you 're a comic fan 
good yarn 
agony 
why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 
berling and béart ... continue to impress , and isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters . 
advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day 
lacks balance ... 
anger 
the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) 
achingly honest and delightfully cheeky 
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects 
very difficult 
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic 
the more hackneyed elements of the film 
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism . 
a thriller without a lot of thrills 
one of the year 's best 
splatter 
kids-cute 
that it ca n't really be called animation 
they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . 
endear 
this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . 
no rest period , no timeout 
it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace 
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages 
the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion 
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots . 
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph . 
will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . 
catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness 
a capable thriller 
found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound 
flawed support structure 
dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny 
the strange horror of life 
their lives , loves and the art 
despite the efforts of a first-rate cast 
a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds 
utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- 
creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity 
that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy 
magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock . 
's pleasant enough 
visual coming right 
has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff . 
to make such a worthless film 
can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes 
' it also rocks . 
deniro 's once promising career 
mug shots 
relative modesty 
that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters 
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards 
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , 
it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect . 
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer 
tinny self-righteousness 
is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy 
in a sea of visual and verbal clichés 
itself all too seriously 
atop wooden dialogue 
' appeared in 1938 
technically sumptuous but 
the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line 
is clever 
genuinely inspirational 
may not be a great piece of filmmaking 
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely 
sloppy plotting 
a faulty premise , 
dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted 
much of the writing is genuinely witty 
any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice 
itself are little more than routine . 
-- a nice , harmless date film 
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it 
a warm and well-told tale 
seems little different 
hollow , self-indulgent , 
offers nothing 
certain sexiness 
highly watchable 
for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears 
political and psychological thriller 
, it actually hurts to watch . 
, charismatic and tragically 
a main character who sometimes defies sympathy 
tight and truthful , 
is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure . 
searing lead performance 
a better vehicle 
i did n't laugh . 
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze . 
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , 
that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough 
is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept . 
delightful entree 
's so devoid of joy and energy 
look as though they are having so much fun 
is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run . 
i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese 
`` radical '' or `` suck '' 
's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty 
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv 's big brother . 
, the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 
acted ... but 
incoherent , instantly disposable 
ruined his career 
strongly reminiscent 
the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy 
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... 
uncharismatically 
in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care 
, scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . ' 
ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie . 
, it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . 
extremely imaginative through out 
desperate miscalculation 
choppy and sloppy 
been cobbled together onscreen 
rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage 
an overcooked soufflé 
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art . 
much worse than bland 
if you 're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . 
less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine 
's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance 
say it 's on par with the first one 
you love the music , and 
a fascinating , compelling story 
fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs 
's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him 
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people 
dull , lifeless 
dreadful 
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always 
has several strong performances 
sane and healthy 
portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man 
full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics . 
the brave , uninhibited performances 
any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships 
lame screenplay 
` ace ventura ' rip-off 
every indulgent , indie trick in the book 
epic treatment 
in a movie this bad 
comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature 
the formula fresh again 
through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse 
is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction 
seen such self-amused trash 
is a far smoother ride . 
of fascinating performances 
a bad , bad , bad movie 
of lo mein and general tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it 
filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two 
, a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . 
lamer instincts 
for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger 
to be more complex than your average film 
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about drumline is its energy . 
who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up 
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland . 
( carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated 
feral and uncomfortable . 
to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it 
practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte 
a ham-fisted sermon 
remind us 
long after this film has ended 
but only among those who are drying out from spring break 
through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot 
heart or conservative 
award 
's far too tragic 
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine . 
boorish movie 
a first-class road movie 
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , 
sequences boring 
injects just enough freshness into the proceedings 
the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , 
, structure and rhythms 
much funnier than anything 
's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits 
be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 
was utterly charming . 
while scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic 
emerges as another key contribution 
just brilliant in this 
get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized . 
of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination 
limply 
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way 
elite 
a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' 
's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one 
most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors 
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- 
confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong 
once again dazzle and delight us 
bit of piffle . 
long , dull procession 
the magic that made it all work 
interplay and utter lack 
that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long 
seems a prostituted muse ... 
, and of the thousands thereafter 
the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart 
those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself 
a fine production with splendid singing 
that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock 
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking 
this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin 
a sincerely crafted picture 
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , 
gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand 
it is clearly a good thing . 
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter . 
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas . 
an uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 
one of the year 's best films 
a freshness and modesty 
a deliciously nonsensical comedy 
sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material 
cartoonish performance 
because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 
happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 
understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 
god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . 
great piece 
become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters 
hefty thematic material 
, elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 
, the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . 
makes each crumb of emotional comfort 
be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen 
shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people 
it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be 
effecting change 
, though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 
i 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't . 
deadeningly 
younger generations 
as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 
no , i love it ... hell , i dunno . 
includes one of the strangest 
is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans . 
stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king 
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today 
live-wire 
overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors 
human drama 
if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags 
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other 
the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy 
it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it 
be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors 
, it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line . 
waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie 
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows 
bogs down in genre cliches here . 
often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast 
brave and 
bring on the battle bots , please 
can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience . 
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , 
as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes 
the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds 
a clear-eyed portrait 
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . ' 
many of these gross 
brisk hack job 
love it ... hell , i dunno . 
that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 
blacked out 
a classic movie franchise 
a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness 
and vulgar innuendo 
is so prolonged and boring 
terminally bland 
distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine . 
is a hoot 
designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense 
work in concert 
a buoyant romantic comedy 
falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 
their way around this movie directionless 
of b-movie excitement 
ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls 
... is magnificent 
but every bit as filling as the treat of the title 
honest performances and 
that do n't really care for the candidate 
companion piece 
ludicrous and contrived plot 
steal 
suck up 
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 
during the long build-up of expository material 
has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong . 
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . 
we started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine 
are infants 
last summer 's bloated effects 
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries . 
is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does . 
is inane and awful 
that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most 
of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 
enticing and often 
with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects 
with its own cuteness 
takes a sudden turn and devolves 
paul bettany is cool . 
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few . 
as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 
seem like a bad idea from frame one 
go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches . 
's no rooting interest 
she is a lioness , 
the plot has a number of holes , 
like a mix of cheech and chong 
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing 
does n't really go anywhere . 
is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life . 
this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism 
cleverly worked out 
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . 
road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire 
that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 
unique and inherent 
is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema 
the best special effects 
adds enough quirky and satirical touches 
the first half of sorority boys 
phrase ` fatal script error 
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie 
its keenest pleasures 
enjoy the ride 
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious . 
uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor 
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen 
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer 
all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely . 
it is hard to resist 
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , 
to admit that i am baffled by jason x. 
issues ' 
this movie just goes on and on and on and on 
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos . 
the ensemble cast 
unique feel 
going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud 
their lamentations are pretty much self-centered 
, it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar . 
flakeball 
a hilarious ode to middle america and 
finely crafted , finely written 
a terrific job 
what makes the movie fresh 
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters 
savor the story 
just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie 
holds up well 
smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy . 
captive by mediocrity 
the unsung heroes of 20th century 
is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . 
it 's like a drive-by . 
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit . 
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation 
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound . 
, the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time . 
rather listless amble 
dazzling entertainment 
the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge 
classic fairy tale 
you would n't want to live waydowntown , 
a disney pic 
were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is 
unfunny comedy 
laughs 
edward burns ' best film 
's appealingly manic and energetic . 
beautiful images and solemn words 
this one feels like a life sentence 
it really won my heart 
offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them 
, uneventful 
goes bump in the night and nobody cares 
amuse even 
seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else 
you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . ' 
beautiful 
a coherent rhythm going 
leatherbound 
are having so much fun 
an equally miserable film the following year 
finds warmth 
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading . 
rigid and evasive 
wonderful , ghastly 
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi 
because it overstays its natural running time 
are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next . 
fascinating but flawed look 
would be better as a diary or documentary 
's already a joke in the united states 
going at a rapid pace 
of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing 
is one of this year 's very best pictures . 
adequately fills the eyes 
simply intrusive 
cinematic disaster 
greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary . 
rushed 
there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme . 
a hole in your head 
not good 
subtle , humorous , illuminating study 
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath . 
, reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake ! 
empowerment tale thinly 
managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 
boring , pretentious waste 
will enjoy themselves . 
an unsettling picture 
plays as dramatic 
also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare 
to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' 
bravery and dedication 
devastation 
at least passably 
anchoring 
everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial 
instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... 
go unnoticed and underappreciated 
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , 
i have a confession to make : i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy 
the opulent lushness of every scene 
higher level 
, sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 
poor quality 
as visually bland 
another disjointed 
shines through every frame 
is an object lesson in period filmmaking 
disgust 
` cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about 
entirely suspenseful 
episode ii -- 
loneliness and isolation 
washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration . 
thornier 
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture 
the visuals , even erotically frank ones , 
observations on the human condition 
his most personal 
african american professionals 
were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man 
sterling ensemble cast 
, never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 
maelstrom is strange and compelling 
get top billing 
dies 
brainless , but 
it was a guilty pleasure 
jazzy new revisionist theories 
seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . '' 
if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like ` masterpiece theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie . 
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold . 
lively 
one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 
is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure 
just fine 
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick . 
give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity 
a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey 
project greenlight '' winner 
precious circumstances 
( and lovely 
written 
is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction . 
bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters . 
offers hope 
when ( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . 
grabs you 
vision is beginning to feel 
bad way 
an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle . 
labute continues to improve . 
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film . 
solid execution 
lighthearted 
` laugh therapy ' 
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible . 
a non-mystery mystery . 
eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 
can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time 
observant . 
( moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions . 
goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better 
cliché-riddled genre 
though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 
to being very funny 
that grips and holds you in rapt attention from 
to a night in the living room than a night at the movies 
bold colors 
told well by a master 
the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality 
rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop 
what more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ? 
scrap 
a failure 
ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong 
's drab 
's a funny no-brainer 
the high standards 
that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment 
flimsy ending 
suited to capture these musicians in full regalia 
has been made with an enormous amount of affection 
will eat up like so much gelati 
even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out 
with ` bowling for columbine , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . 
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , 
as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics 
a shaky , uncertain film 
impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure 
rare sequel 
its sensitive handling 
with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel 
there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable 
you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out 
the film works in spite of it 
cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! '' 
was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise . 
gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . 
in asia , where ms. shu is an institution 
to get excited about on this dvd 
enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 
it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 
has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs 
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli . 
getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing 
zinger-filled crowd-pleaser 
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream 
rather unfocused 
liked it much better 
is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 
of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case 
tries-so-hard-to-be-cool 
is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many 
ice age wo n't drop your jaw 
pack your knitting needles 
stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls . 
strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . 
often touching 
good match 
truly funny 
marvelous first 101 minutes 
urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 
when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours 
engaging storyline 
astringent wit 
` amateur ' in almost every frame 
such a great one 
crass , low-wattage endeavor 
do n't avert our eyes for a moment . 
with passion 
maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again . 
a stylish psychological thriller 
we never feel anything for these characters , 
summer season 
and , thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks . 
if i want music , i 'll buy the soundtrack . 
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time . 
paid enough to sit through crap like this 
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last . 
a heroine as feisty and principled as jane 
look at that clever angle ! 
to make us share their enthusiasm 
tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . 
a heavy-handed indictment 
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' 
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray 
as they do in this marvelous film 
worthwhile glimpse 
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning . 
stylists 
to the gallic ` tradition of quality 
enormously entertaining 
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances 
a major waste ... generic 
it 's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . 
killer website movie 
would n't turn down a big bowl of that 
acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable 
slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation 
you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film 
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed 
is , more often then 
-- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention . 
none of which ever seem to hit 
highly-praised disappointments i 
observed character piece . 
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout . 
because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison 
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie 
it 's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill 
cute 
sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously 
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought . 
in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed 
is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states 
one strike 
it 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's . 
shorter than britney 's cutoffs 
it actually makes the heart soar 
pretentious , 
even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility . 
taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings 
the profoundly devastating events of one year ago 
i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 
this is a movie full of grace and , 
but they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail . 
the best , most 
the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 
privileged moments and memorable performances 
this film : honest 
an overall sense of brusqueness 
a compelling allegory 
elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior 
madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose . 
uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! '' 
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion . 
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience . 
by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent 
wildly incompetent 
some of the visual flourishes 
kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull 
that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done 
little revision works 
robin tunney 
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig 
breezy movie 
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , 
spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 
this fast-paced 
muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure 
has made a decent ` intro ' documentary 
'd probably turn it off 
its excellent storytelling 
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve 
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score 
even the stuffiest cinema goers 
join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks 
a sloppy script 
the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen 
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short 
elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender 
who ca n't act 
kids 
unlikeable people 
please history fans 
... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . 
be as entertaining 
is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring . 
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff . 
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and 
ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . 
ironic cultural satire 
indulgent 
lightweight meaning 
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but 
i 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point . 
a nice cool glass of iced tea 
ivan is a prince of a fellow 
rich visual clarity and deeply 
a movie full of grace 
sing beautifully and act adequately . 
the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake 
, then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . 
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure 
is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans . 
, the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art . 
a not-so-divine secrets 
more playful 
a lame kiddie flick 
a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline 
yawner 
most watchable film 
's one of the worst of the entire franchise 
unsettling prognosis 
robbed and 
it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain 
of all ages 
being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses 
`` birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost . 
flat , unconvincing drama 
rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces 
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . 
sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . 
sensitive story 
starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true 
, much better . 
wonderfully vulgar 
nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business 
there are many tense scenes in trapped 
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life . 
an absolute joy 
'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie 
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism . 
screenplay to die for 
a straight face 
that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed 
a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation 
fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about 
of this so-called satire 
is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings 
torn away 
a reasonable degree of suspense 
of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making 
's also somewhat clumsy . 
end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener 
sparkling newcomer 
loved classic 
may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . 
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose 
i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . 
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories 
recording 
such a pleasure 
from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- 
about issues most adults have to face in marriage 
is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role 
now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers 
imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie 
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day 
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb 
that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating 
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product . 
succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 
that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) 
has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy . 
satisfying conclusions 
breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes 
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm . 
obnoxious adults 
's so downbeat and nearly humorless 
more unattractive or odorous 
with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many 
impressive job 
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary . 
the disadvantage of also looking cheap 
neither as scary-funny as tremors 
a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle 
feels at odds with the rest of the film . 
a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions 
all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 
hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references 
elbowed aside 
shaking your head 
he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading 
's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame . 
a sleek advert for youthful anomie 
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and 
viscerally repellent 
well directed 
the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade 
we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . 
should serve detention 
a french film with a more down-home flavor 
quite a bit of heart , 
the lively appeal of the last kiss 
how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head 
most sincere 
because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive 
by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' 
the jokes , most at women 's expense 
when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path 
the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and 
these people mattered 
is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live . 
been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion 
do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version . 
sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point 
vivid personality 
sly , intricate magic 
have been better off staying on the festival circuit 
purposes of bland hollywood romance 
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel . 
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type 
morality tale 
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , 
that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 
a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 
a river of sadness that pours into every frame 
could not stand them 
has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 
semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet 
rises above the level of a telanovela . 
a tart , smart breath of fresh air 
feel-good movie 
wannabe-hip crime comedy 
the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string . 
give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss 
begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is 
's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . 
is deliberately unsettling 
big round eyes and 
of deja vu 
to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals 
hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . 
a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 
this new zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything . 
a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory 
can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it 
its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care 
'll find in this dreary mess 
it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget 
overlong and not well-acted , but 
if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons 
symbolic characters 
susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 
what 's so striking about jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair . 
derisive 
would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . 
something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans 
absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel . 
if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm 
shot like a postcard and 
is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious . 
and intermittently hilarious 
humble , teach and ultimately 
nothing in it to engage children emotionally 
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for 
told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue 
inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage 
are typical sandler fare 
's probably not accurate to call it a movie 
it 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat . 
ca n't even do that much 
a sardonic jolt 
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing . 
to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances 
wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential 
overinflated mythology 
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon 
a movie full of surprises 
the charm of the first movie is still there , and 
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react . 
lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking . 
any summer blockbuster 
that 's shapeless and uninflected 
cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel 
retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching . 
hop beat 
fires the winning shot 
a ridiculous wig 
definitive , if disingenuous , 
did n't laugh . 
truly deserving of its oscar nomination 
delightful mix 
the brilliant surfing photography 
a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look 
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 
the real triumphs in igby 
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here 
with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . 
inspirational status 
the success of undercover brother 
ladles on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza . 
claude 
it 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame . 
is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie . 
for a film that has nothing 
of heart or conservative of spirit 
perfectly pleasant 
than a mall movie designed to kill time 
presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and 
eager to please 
hughes comedy 
purely abstract 
one of the greatest date movies in years 
an mtv , sugar hysteria , 
shame 
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it . 
the tortured husband 
no content 
a trove 
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life 
it 's not really funny 
weaknesses 
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else . 
the predictable parent 
even-toned direction 
the payoff 
one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience 
full of itself 
irritatingly transparent 
succeed 
hypnotically dull , 
that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own 
former gong show addict 
a beyond-lame satire , 
the next a turgid drama 
the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 
a powerful performance 
ultimately undo him 
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility . 
a wildly entertaining scan of evans ' career . 
charm , generosity and diplomacy 
superior plotline 
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , 
i will be . 
walled-off 
lacking substance and soul 
a terrific b movie 
into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need 
uneven performances and a spotty script 
must have been lost in the translation 
that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar 
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo 
predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics 
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one 
various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale 
suffers from all the excesses 
good idea 
makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance 
fulford-wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen . 
top-notch cast 
emerging in world cinema 
he 's well worth spending some time with 
juicy writer 
be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation 
( creates ) the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama . 
its surprises limp 
no quarter 
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 
in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay 
has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone 
serious minded patience , respect and affection 
cliché-laden 
chafing 
is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 
a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise 
a captivating new film . 
puzzling 
yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie 
conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- 
, mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks . 
shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians 
the action clichés just pile up . 
at least a few good ideas 
been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 
stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 
salvos hitting a discernible target . 
a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement . 
the things that made the first one charming 
a wild ride that relies on more than special effects 
unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set 
a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural 
marks the spot . 
collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy 
no charm , 
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . 
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light 
career peak 
with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner 
deeply absorbing piece 
can comfortably hold 
the halloween series has lost its edge 
one of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise . 
is n't heated properly , 
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort 
ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . 
astonishing 
the intended , er , spirit 
an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch . 
unfunny and 
adventure movie 
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack 
offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 
what 's most memorable about circuit 
the histrionic muse 
fit the incredible storyline 
no one can hear you snore 
be half as entertaining as it is 
if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy . 
thirst 
to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life 
the piece works 
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism 
offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . 
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie 
the characters are based on stock clichés , and 
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , 
has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy 
was essentially , 
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is 
japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman ... 
mesmerize , astonish and entertain 
real-life happening 
a distinct rarity , and an event 
, humorless and under-inspired 
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... 
voice is rather unexceptional 
with a creepy and dead-on performance 
affectionately 
a modestly made but 
, ' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . 
pleasant in spite of its predictability 
than a worthwhile effort 
pristine 
that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow 
it 's not particularly well made 
refreshingly forthright 
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and 
required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike 
one problem with the movie , 
the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers . 
the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 
is an ` action film ' mired in stasis . 
takes off in totally unexpected directions and 
beat-the-clock thriller 
ups 
salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation 
have made vittorio de sica proud 
plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going 
gorgeous epic 
smarter 
infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 
you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and 
for touched by an angel simplicity 
schticky 
the story plays out slowly , 
wondrously creative 
auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ... 
a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties 
overly-familiar 
, the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller . 
book report 
fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd . 
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters . 
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity . 
wewannour money back , 
aloof and 
incredibly captivating and insanely funny 
wears its heart 
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner . 
excellence 
a light , yet engrossing piece 
aging , suffering 
that resonate with profundity 
as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die 
sordid to function as comedy 
twice removed 
the beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice . 
intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation 
of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 
that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk . 
immersed in love , lust , and sin 
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse . 
drawn in by the sympathetic characters 
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world 
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious . 
do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are 
technically sumptuous but also 
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly . 
the charm of kevin kline and 
brilliant movie 
is quite beautiful 
feels a bit anachronistic . 
by turns very dark and very funny 
can fully succeed at cheapening it . 
what bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch . 
's good enough . 
there is truth here 
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and 
may seem disappointing in its generalities 
lively dream 
builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with 
to make their way through this tragedy 
is painful to watch 
fine-looking film 
but the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes . 
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening 
, you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours 
a remarkably accessible and haunting film 
it 's quite diverting nonsense . 
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited . 
a waste of fearless purity 
it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle . 
it drowns in sap . 
vibrance and warmth 
a nagging sense 
a full-frontal attack on audience patience . 
of destruction 
of vampire fun 
it 's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative . 
who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate 
improves upon the original hit movie 
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; 
sparse 
are rolling over in their graves 
by the sick sense of humor 
well paced and satisfying 
high-concept sci fi adventures 
've seen it all before 
supremely hopeful 
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film 
texture and realism 
is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell . 
is a particularly vexing handicap 
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them 
motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover 
the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . 
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture 
do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some . 
the film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise . 
the wise-beyond-her-years teen 
the material and the production itself are little more than routine . 
a quick-buck sequel 
putrid writing , direction and timing 
besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 
numb 
than their funny accents 
over the end of cinema 
're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol 
gross-out college comedy 
an mtv , sugar hysteria 
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient . 
that such a talented director as chen kaige 
by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy 
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking 
but here 's a movie about it anyway . 
the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history 
is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors 
a superior horror flick 
war-weary marine 
this a charmer 
way cheaper ( and better ) 
effectively creepy-scary thriller 
open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set 
self-conscious but often hilarious 
fun-for-fun 's 
jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod . 
it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots 
of the company 's astonishing growth 
soulless and -- even more damning -- 
that works 
has not spawned a single good film 
capture these musicians in full regalia 
college 
comedy fare 
self-pitying 
meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . 
devos 
a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right 
their computer-animated faces 
entrapment in the maze of modern life 
the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . '' 
its overall sense of mystery 
while his characters are acting horribly 
uncompromising , difficult 
's because relatively nothing happens . 
's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series . 
one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works 
` red shoe diaries 
the laborious pacing and 
playful and 
can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost 
are sexy 
a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera 's attention to detail . 
funny film . 
come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook 
deft and subtle poetry 
violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart 
unfunny and unoriginal mess 
so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits 
even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be 
in the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . '' 
moderately successful but 
is beginning to feel 
are anguished , bitter and truthful 
showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge 
less ambitious 
exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken 
a few nice twists in a standard plot and 
feels like a spectator and not a participant 
kate is n't very bright 
a muddy psychological thriller 
a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place 
showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 
the rope snaps 
an intimate feeling 
assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low . 
is just garbage 
much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen 
a beautiful film 
embraces it , energizes it and 
sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story 
is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work 
this one is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks . 
feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . 
is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia 
intelligent and deeply 
he 's the god of second chances ' 
gives these women 
a sharp script 
oddly humorous to tediously sentimental 
a surprisingly anemic disappointment 
, rohmer 's talky films fascinate me 
the unconditional love she seeks 
goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice . 
comic skill 
refresh our souls 
straining to produce another smash 
carvey 's considerable talents 
as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves 
how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence 
saves this deeply affecting film from being merely 
a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario 
are alternately touching and funny 
of intergalactic friendship 
a woefully dull 
enticing and 
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement 
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . 
the climactic hourlong cricket match 
as good as the original 
take center screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side 
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away 
glides 
silly rather than 
's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . 
is milked 
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire 
the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid 
hormonal melodrama 
of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree 
what little grace ( rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics . 
are fantastic . 
one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema 
downer 
has some unnecessary parts and 
piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art 
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie 
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst . 
operates nicely 
, poignant and leavened 
uptight , middle class bores like antonia 
worst films 
it lacks a strong narrative 
lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 
it 's a pale imitation . 
yet feels universal 
astonishing growth 
reading lines from a teleprompter 
eloquent , deeply felt 
tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers 
safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 
the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce 
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note 
also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 
was put through torture for an hour and a half 
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire . 
the rare common-man artist 
real filmmaker 's 
i like this movie a lot . 
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less 
a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama 
flaws , 
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history 
a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust 
if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` how does steven seagal come across these days ? '' 
the story is bogus 
of extraordinary journalism 
special fishy community 
consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt . 
how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls 
be said to squander jennifer love hewitt 
the goo 
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence . 
the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence 
zoom ! 
human nature 
beautiful and 
is n't breaking new ground 
it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair 
of that delicate canon 
is a disaster , 
remarkably original 
unbalanced mixture 
as dumb and cheesy 
of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested 
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and 
killing its soul 
manages a neat trick 
it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one . 
is such a mesmerizing one 
that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other 
uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt 
to be a bit of a cheat in the end 
valid 
, home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face . 
that criticizing feels more like commiserating 
attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 
to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable 
, it does give exposure to some talented performers 
because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience 
some surprises 
some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life 
communal spirit 
gets clunky on the screen 
there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie 
`` unfilmable '' novels 
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes . 
unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror 
to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen 
fiercely clever and subtle film 
is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time 
a delightfully dour , 
that their charm does n't do a load of good 
the best date movie of the year 
was vile enough . 
weak and ineffective 
the awe in which it holds itself 
rich and exciting 
make us share their enthusiasm 
it fails 
any reasonably creative eighth-grader 
a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story 
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . 
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating 
fantasy and adventure 
the sexuality 
loose , unaccountable direction 
, provocative and prescient 
conflict 
more timely in its despairing vision of corruption 
discloses almost nothing . 
-- you 'll love this movie . 
a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss 
humorless soap opera 
wildly inventive 
city by the sea would slip under the waves . 
wildly careening tone 
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . 
bottomlessly cynical 
really adorable italian guys . 
entertaining , if somewhat standardized , 
so insanely stupid 
steals so freely from other movies and 
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation . 
run-of-the-mill disney sequel 
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play 
obscenity 
loathe him 
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : 
is sorely lacking 
trashy fun 
stale and clichéd to a fault 
a film of quiet power . 
words and 
quirky characters , odd situations , and 
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach 
is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance . 
the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man 
it feels like a glossy rehash . 
telling 
is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses . 
, magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock . 
writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results . 
to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends 
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . 
ask for a raise 
marvel again 
of characters in this picture 
takes you by the face , 
a retread 
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works 
often watchable , though goofy and lurid , 
with splendid singing 
but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés . 
it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one 
polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions 
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . 
is the most visually unappealing 
lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction 
strong 
a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film 
's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 
has about 25 minutes of decent material . 
surprising romance 
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , 
the humanity of its people 
incompetent , incoherent or 
old-fashioned adventure 
the far superior film 
demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 
clearly evident poverty and hardship 
stale plot and pornographic way 
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch . 
smart new comedy 
bad singer-turned actors 
, this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times . 
time is a beautiful film to watch 
shambles 
... is , also , frequently hilarious . 
overstated 
a directorial tour de force 
no good answer to that one 
doze off for a few minutes or 
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , 
you 've got a huge mess 
on its fairly ludicrous plot 
a gripping drama . 
occasionally very enjoyable 
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud . 
its objective portrait 
sits there like a side dish no one ordered 
is a visual treat for all audiences 
this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time 
a good line 
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and 
is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true 
light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- 
audacious ambitions 
flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny 
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes 
is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly 
aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film 
animation enthusiasts 
to which anyone can relate 
so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny 
the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein 
the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt 
rarity 
a smart comedy 
, spirited away is a triumph of imagination 
, beautiful scene 
it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 
impassive a manner 
delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion 
a freshly painted rembrandt 
it 's pretty stupid . 
maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts . 
feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field 
may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours . 
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood 
enthusiasm 
wickedly funny , 
reeking 
was so endlessly 
a guiltless film 
mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies 
is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours 
... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . 
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement . 
several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes 
creepy and vague 
dramatic and emotional pull 
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed . 
of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes 
a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes 
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace 
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age 
dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 
's something of the ultimate scorsese film 
version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip 
for all the dolorous trim 
this supposedly funny movie 
love a joy 
natural , even-flowing tone 
find a place among the studio 's animated classics 
classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? 
horizons 
its material that is deliberately unsettling 
recommend it for its originality alone 
, to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 
of romantic obsession 
infantile , redundant , sloppy 
to a superior crime movie 
making reference to other films and trying to be other films 
this colorful bio-pic 
intriguing movie experiences 
is , alas , no woody allen . 
of familial separation and societal betrayal 
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises . 
can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas . 
a flood of emotion 
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and 
the more common saccharine genre 
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen 
that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him 
that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic 
lives count 
energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 
fascinating stories 
it ultimately delivers 
comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . 
norton is magnetic as graham . 
the filling 
plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line . 
a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability 
equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek 
has no snap 
very real 
in its crapulence 
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as 
dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect 
more elves and snow and 
( a ) mess 
rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance 
just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you 
some problems 
does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes . 
verges on the amateurish 
to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance 
assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . 
hilarious place to visit 
knocks it flat 
entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn . 
the town has kind of an authentic feel 
that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor 
this distinguished actor would stoop so low 
have an intermittently good time 
poetic , heartbreaking 
does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . 
about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it 
movie star charisma 
the always hilarious meara 
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly 
construct a story 
the star who helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears . '' 
to be had from films crammed with movie references 
david and 
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience 
insultingly simplistic 
manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun 
to be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame 
sweet gentle jesus 
interested 
shocking in its eroticized gore 
of your eyes 
more sheerly beautiful film 
biologically 
on the amateurish 
gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . 
to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 
to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt 
preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera . 
`` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' 
is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk . 
is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish . 
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters 
forced funniness 
a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him 
figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm . 
had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost 
of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies 
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . 
for some robust and scary entertainment 
in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize 
awfully deadly 
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present 
but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness . 
spirited 
, baroque beauty 
is still quite good-natured and 
lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , 
frenetic , funny , even punny 6 
is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine 
being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 
making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... 
, relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . 
its body humor and reinforcement 
more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat . 
quite touching 
guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters 
disease-of-the-week 
have given this movie a rating of zero 
psychological 
, thought-provoking film 
graces 
feel-good sentiments 
one-of-a-kind work 
is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original 
a fresh infusion 
with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do 
unfortunately , kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare . 
, but it is a refreshingly forthright one 
bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy 
is a career-defining revelation 
lip-reading 
although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service 
when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters 
dead bodies 
artsy and 
a major waste ... 
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine 
surehanded direction 
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed 
for originality of plot 
it 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good . 
touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget 
monster/science fiction flicks 
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars . 
a creepy and dead-on performance 
unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs 
the widowmaker is a great yarn 
a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy 
cross-country road trip 
a sucker 
never change . 
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , 
fully formed and remarkably assured 
judith and zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics . 
they do in this marvelous film 
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema 
the looseness of the piece 
significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old 
pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice 
smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be . 
things really get weird , though not particularly scary 
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool 
at once laughable 
for the heart as well as the mind 
comes off as a long 
should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end . 
can take the grandkids or the grandparents and 
by the final whistle you 're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic . 
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle . 
a thoughtful what-if 
make a clear point 
as daring as john ritter 's glory days 
( allen ) 
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again 
distracting 
, crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 
it will be well worth your time . 
is amateurish 
banal , virulently unpleasant excuse 
it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 
disreputable 
could have been much better 
joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate 
on the shoulders of its actors 
( denis ' ) bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 
any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . 
as if it belongs on the big screen 
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making . 
the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers 
its sincere acting 
even the digressions are funny . 
sedate 
a distinct rarity 
the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged 
of our respect 
tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape 
) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined 
that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries 
sluggish , 
humor and bite 
true emotions 
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat 
is wholly unconvincing 
flick that scalds like acid 
be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this 
a big , juicy role 
only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy 
a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance . 
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . 
just too silly and 
you would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit 
the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand . 
frighten and 
are moments of hilarity to be had 
fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 
way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film 
good man 
a nice change of mindless pace in collision 
visualize schizophrenia 
pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans 
but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : 
than special effects 
subtlety has never been his trademark 
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema 
he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 
is so deadly dull 
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film 
it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them . 
of the best , most 
a rich historical subject 
something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance 
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed 
just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it 
the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness 
, the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 
remember it . 
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky 
the glorious chicanery and self-delusion 
is a triumph of imagination 
nicely understated expression 
life affirming and heartbreaking , 
of describing badness 
regret and , ultimately , 
underdeveloped effort 
tear your eyes away 
plodding action sequences 
a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots 
stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites 
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and 
just how bad it was 
no laughs . 
even if the ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 
stylish tracking shots 
will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor 
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 
what 's most refreshing about real women have curves 
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language 
incorporates so much 
excellent cast 
chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece 
miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity 
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter . 
the four feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes . 
love stories you will ever see 
loved it 
was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had 
very original 
are fantasti 
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ? 
and altogether creepy 
exciting documentary 
see this delightful comedy 
captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper . 
with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary 
maudlin and cliche-ridden 
tepid and choppy recycling 
love liza 
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it 
, plodding picture 
, my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . 
disney 's great past 
giant william randolph hearst 
does n't have a passion for the material . 
is a feast for the eyes . 
follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 
bolster director and co-writer 
of routine stuff yuen 
pick up new admirers 
to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing 
effortless 
clumsiness 
is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie . 
, danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction . 
a gory slash-fest 
of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance 
both the scenic splendor of the mountains 
, film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation . 
thrill you 
should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame 
plenty of fun for all 
has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness 
everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth 
frequently misses the mark 
griffin & co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous . 
has turned out to be a one-trick pony 
too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly 
one ca n't deny its seriousness and quality . 
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character 
it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect 
so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope 
nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through 
sophisticated performance 
breathtakingly 
reasonably intelligent 
irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters 
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- 
wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles 
thoroughly engrossing 
something to behold 
a dull , somnambulant exercise 
would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . 
it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . 
as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped 
has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels 
entertaining and informative 
of the tortured and self-conscious material 
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality 
j.k. rowling 's marvelous series 
while certainly clever in spots 
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level 
does hold up pretty well . 
a self-hatred instilled 
he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling 
light enough 
palatable presentation 
as his outstanding performance as bond in die 
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches 
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes 
, and better 
here 's a fun one . 
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth 
a sparkling newcomer 
dazzle and delight us 
every bit as imperious 
, ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 
the wild thornberrys movie 
although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired 
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix 
the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art 
an entertaining british hybrid 
, not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing . 
would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment 
organized 
a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant 
is so lovely toward the end 
in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice 
proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings 
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart 
of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes 
earns extra points by acting as if it were n't 
about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth 
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through . 
... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . 
the film 's intimate camera work and 
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans 
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , 
a guiltless film for nice evening out . 
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , 
shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers . 
well-made 
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' 
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off 
should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . 
quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety 
the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor 
comes from the heart 
hilariously wicked black comedy ... 
feel like you were n't invited to the party 
( ferrera ) has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen . 
the movie 's rude and crude humor 
are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters 
's not a bad premise , just a bad movie . 
definitely 
disney 's cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes 
lovely toward the end 
a buoyant , expressive flow of images 
is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers 
a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism 
contains no wit , only labored gags . 
whip-smart 
unwieldy contraption . 
make it unexpectedly rewarding 
engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . ' 
for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff 
heard before 
because relatively nothing happens 
ugly and destructive little **** 
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and 
in too many conflicts 
takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth 
the dullest kiddie flicks 
horribly depressing and not 
piffle 
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory . 
is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film 
, tender and heart-wrenching 
soon-to-be-forgettable '' section 
, indescribably bad 
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension 
it still feels like a prison stretch . 
the canadian 's inane ramblings 
is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be 
disappointments i 
at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 
it falls far short of poetry , 
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable 
yet lacking about everything 
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures . 
humor in i spy is so anemic . 
in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent 
save everyone the misery 
city by the sea swings from one 
is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life 
achieving some honest insight into relationships 
based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 
you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright 
is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and 
a visionary marvel 
pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous . 
is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing . 
unique culture 
at least a minimal appreciation 
a visual style unique and inherent 
funny and touching . 
filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism 
of the charm of satin rouge 
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , 
balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply 
really , really good 
was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star 
grandiosity 
insulted 
millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry . 
a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here . 
's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 
finest non-bondish performance 
the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- 
a gawky actor 
like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . 
peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes 
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life . 
if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . 
hypocritical work 
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap 
most hackneyed 
the film 's length becomes a part of its fun 
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , 
like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . 
me want to pack raw dough in my ears 
both heartbreaking and 
to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had 
of the painstaking 
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , 
the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza 
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera 
too bad maggio could n't come up with a better script . 
the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors 
horrible movie 
finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 
is too long with too little going on 
`` mr. deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 
bad trip 
especially well-executed 
odd enjoyably chewy lump 
too much like a fragment of an underdone potato 
it feels more forced than usual . 
unclean 
it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker . 
dreadfully 
stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter 
applying definition to both sides of the man 
most of the movie 's success 
a provocative piece of work 
what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera 
feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams 
offer a fascinating glimpse 
, in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 
a pathetic , endearing hero 
the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 
an excuse 
one-star 
sucked . 
not very amusing 
decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy 
make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore 
unleashes 
, the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . 
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity 
both exuberantly 
as stiff , ponderous and charmless 
me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch 
gross-out humor 
a sharp script and 
why , for instance , good things happen to bad people 
gussied up 
a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past 
once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting 
the universal themes , 
terrifically entertaining 
is a filmmaker of impressive talent . 
forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions 
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience . 
a fairly weak retooling 
intoxicating show 
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . 
incessant whining 
you 've actually spent time living in another community 
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company 
why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 
a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 . 
must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits 
for evil 
back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research . 
without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves 
works well enough to make it worth watching 
firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action 
unimaginable horror 
floundering way 
melodramatic paranormal romance 
most poorly staged and lit action 
liked it just enough 
emerges a radiant character portrait . 
from pleasing 
it trusts the story it sets out to tell . 
less of a trifle 
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults . 
trademark misogyny 
overwrought 
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . 
adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining . 
well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts . 
tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims 
ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album 
the euphoria 
masterpiece 
poignant and uplifting story 
, the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . 
wedding feels a bit anachronistic . 
the modern masculine journey 
if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment . 
does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay 
clever 
is wrong in its sequel 
farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except 
very well shot 
is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot . 
exceptionally well-acted 
is wonderful 
casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors 
in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . 
vague without any of its sense of fun or energy 
a total washout 
that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 
oscar-sweeping 
bogs 
a sophisticated flower child 's 
not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like 
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it . 
immature and unappealing to care about 
that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd 
great visual stylists 
the evocative imagery and 
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered 
a disaster of a story , 
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 
first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 
is ultimately quite unengaging 
sensual and funny 
contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive 
enjoyed the thrill of the chill 
sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip 
strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 
perry 's good and 
inane 
a very good time 
poignant and funny . 
convenient 
just as much intelligence 
, this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half . 
know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 
is utterly fearless as the tortured husband 
one thing 's for sure -- if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head 
its thrills and extreme emotions 
given fair warning 
ultimate movie experience 
it 's such a mechanical endeavor ( that ) it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 
help this movie one bit 
's too long and unfocused 
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . 
carried out 
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego 
also is difficult to fathom . 
average bond 
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- 
sweet , funny , 
its best moments 
i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . 
respects the material without sentimentalizing it 
take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going 
the screenplay to keep the film entertaining 
the flaws 
the historical , philosophical , and 
it just does n't have anything really interesting to say . 
recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around 
ridiculous and 
this movie is careless and unfocused . 
should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel . 
( h ) ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i 'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by . 
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television . 
'll keep watching the skies for his next project 
a truly annoying pitch 
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade 
savvy director robert j. siegel and 
the highest power 
, pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 
zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , 
they are in this tepid genre offering 
mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 
is , in a word , brilliant 
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and 
most famous 
does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . 
into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable 
the brain is engaged 
barn-burningly 
wit or innovation 
slow , 
his ( nelson 's ) screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting 
before it begins to fade from memory 
an original talent 
think this movie loves women at all 
is better 
consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , 
good intentions 
crawl up your own *** 
is a hoot , and 
bones tickled 
though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 
both sides of this emotional car-wreck 
knucklehead 
sitcomishly 
, funny and poignant 
it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' 
artful , watery tones 
have a sense of humor 
muddled drama 
builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption 
the power of the huston performance 
shrewd but pointless . 
takes a look at 5 alternative housing options 
tickles 
is heartfelt and achingly real . 
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way 
intermittently powerful 
are actually fascinating 
oleander 's uninspired story 
you 'll still have a good time . '' 
what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 
with strangeness than excellence 
uninspired preachy and clichéd war 
is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut 
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation 
gets vivid performances 
to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence 
a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off . 
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of . 
virtuous 
hitchcockian 
's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic 
dubious human being 
humbuggery ... 
so sloppy , so uneven 
decisive 
includes too much obvious padding . 
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and 
but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while . 
, secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way . 
do well to cram earplugs in their ears 
does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie . 
remarkably mature 
that quickly wears out its limited welcome 
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it 
's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist 
a little better than sorcerer 's stone . 
is sincere 
there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings . 
here relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . 
the biggest husband-and-wife disaster 
does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 
nightmare 
for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) 
reason to go 
disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious 
one of the most unpleasant things the studio 
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle . 
have loved it 
thoroughly enjoyed themselves and 
that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 
in such a potentially sudsy set-up 
all-around good time 
watch these two together 
borrows from other movies 
rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide . 
a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity 
solid cast 
a satisfying evening 
deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 
is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch 
hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter 
does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 
, did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 
the pianist is polanski 's best film . 
one terrific score 
his work with actors is particularly impressive . 
's stupid 
genuinely bone-chilling 
when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 
with such exuberance and passion 
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight . 
warm , inviting 
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic . 
with terrific flair 
, the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods . 
half-step 
flavorful 
rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it 
well-crafted 
suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused 
knows , and very likely 
communicate the truth of the world 
if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play 
crafty and intelligent 
what gives human nature its unique feel 
besotted and obvious 
, standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages . 
succeeds in entertaining 
margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . 
one that was hard for me to warm up to 
boorish 
stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why 
get lost in the murk of its own making 
the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction 
smart and 
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical 
wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd 
stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric 
surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work 
bullock 's memorable first interrogation 
bitter and truthful 
it is disposable . 
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , 
barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn 
a hard time 
nourishing 
practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor 
off as annoying rather than charming 
features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 
savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle 
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie 
uneven , 
with humor and poignancy 
takes you by the face 
drug culture 
a brutal and funny work . 
fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 
not engaging 
here is unusually tame 
what you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height . 
supremely unfunny and unentertaining 
without being shrill 
dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie 
the hours , a delicately crafted film 
failings 
increasingly amused irony 
depressingly thin and 
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and 
succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling 
, the emotions seem authentic 
with grace and humor 
of sentimental ooze 
is hard to tell who is chasing who or why 
does n't make for great cinema 
jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience 
it succeeds 
beautiful to watch 
takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints 
darkly funny 
does strong , measured work . 
this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted 
did the screenwriters just 
as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down 
stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time 
intriguing , observant 
a fascinating 
personal tragedy 
at the edge of your seat for long stretches 
object to the idea of a vietnam picture 
is greatness 
that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating 
amusing personalities 
schmaltzy and clumsily 
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups 
be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters 
top-notch action powers this romantic drama . 
a fascinating character study 
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market 
luckiest viewers 
one of the lucky few who sought it out 
be pleasant in spite of its predictability 
will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers 
a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit 
oozing , chilling and heart-warming 
of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout 
is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was 
surprisingly inoffensive 
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution . 
among the best films of the year 
that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations 
liked 
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated 
on the subgenre 
his ( nelson 's ) screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it . 
speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be 
compressed characterisations 
by the full monty 
wall 
i 'm not 
enough sardonic 
without any of its sense of fun or energy 
sensational true-crime 
avarice 
a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt 
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it . 
fact and fancy with such confidence 
a compelling argument about death 
worked wonders 
an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter 
is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler 
listless sci-fi 
it is effective 
disrobed most of the cast , 
stereotypes in good fun 
feral and uncomfortable 
's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films 
, empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 
quietly engaging . 
overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . 
cold porridge 
a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation 
is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . 
like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining . 
this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering 
be too narrow to attract crossover viewers 
trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit 
in the form of dazzling pop entertainment 
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy . 
fluke 
bad-movie 
proceeds to flop 
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense . 
serene 
consistently amusing 
, the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . 
cruel but weirdly likable 
experienced 
glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior 
, are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence . 
a wildly inventive mixture 
shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls 
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . 
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky , 
right movie 
usual whoopee-cushion effort 
consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay 
characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 
which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant 
to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art 
cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in . 
in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario 
the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point 
scary , action-packed chiller 
` christian bale 's quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . ' 
seems more tacky and reprehensible , 
returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension . 
ou 've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane . 
is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump 
itself is far from disappointing , offering an original 
occasionally horrifying but often inspiring 
lyne 's stolid remake 
represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . 
self-important summer fluff 
even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow . 
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and 
tremendous promise 
obvious political insights 
fare with real thematic heft 
happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ? 
supposedly funny 
he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up 
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well . 
can make people act weird 
rotting 
it 's compelling 
the idiocy of its last frames 
a dream image 
like its hero 
acceptable 
toilet humor , ethnic slurs 
held my interest precisely 
none of them are ever any good 
blimp 
hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure 
generally a huge fan 
insanely dysfunctional 
is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience . 
the complex , politically charged tapestry 
morality , family , and social expectation 
all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore 
fairly solid 
is far from disappointing 
collateral damage is trash , 
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is 
general family chaos to which anyone can relate 
a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 
does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 
continue to impress 
by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat 
somewhat touched 
disturbing 
a cult favorite 
men of marginal intelligence 
watch the film 
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 
is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap 
through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings 
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , 
bean drops the ball too many times ... 
too convenient 
a crowdpleaser 
is a bomb 
nothing else happening 
the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 
a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with 
like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic 
an amusing little catch 
flails 
thanks largely 
entertain or 
it 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space 
quirky at moments 
birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . 
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top 
impossible task 
looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel 
ballsy and 
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening . 
impeccable throughout 
trash-cinema 
is merited 
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process 
bring off this wild welsh whimsy . 
run-of-the-filth gangster flicks 
profanities 
humor and 
as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . 
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative . 
advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly 
excellent work 
tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape . 
one of the most splendid 
shenanigans and slapstick 
this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay . 
tender , 
, apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice . 
real natural , even-flowing tone 
one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination 
could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions . 
it does n't make for great cinema 
the positive change 
elegant , mannered and teasing 
another useless recycling 
music videos 
all the way to the credits 
a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis 
been hoping for 
simply ca n't recommend it enough . 
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy . 
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story . 
the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming 
witty 
the filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance 
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story 
becomes compulsively watchable 
in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo 
seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception 
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient 
engrossing 
a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 
overplayed 
compelling , provocative and prescient viewing 
to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread 
stupid 
particularly memorable or even all that funny 
that seagal 's overweight and out of shape 
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise . 
waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes 
poor dana carvey 
the movie does n't generate a lot of energy . 
setting distracts 
had , lost , and got back 
the spectacle of small-town competition 
combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs 
that you had already seen that movie 
a creaky `` pretty woman '' 
from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings 
more contemporary 
everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away 
climate 
american action-adventure buffs 
move over bond ; 
just unlikable . 
is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time 
broke out into elaborate choreography 
's like dying and going to celluloid heaven 
feel-good territory 
a powerfully evocative mood 
frustratingly unconvincing 
the director 's 
the poor quality of pokemon 4 
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper 
sink this ` sub ' 
direction and complete lack 
makes it to the boiling point 
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth . 
the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim 
analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . 
bewilderingly brilliant 
funniest moments 
like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . 
somewhat less than it might have been 
exciting to watch as two last-place basketball 
intensely romantic 
stately sense 
is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film 
her film 
his imagination so vivid 
's 86 minutes too long 
that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script 
pedro 
you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy 
worldly-wise and very funny script 
of fresh air 
abject 
holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often 
it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life 
in rapt attention 
with a taste for exaggeration 
makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks 
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants . 
'll cheer 
make a huge action sequence 
the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream 
lead a group of talented friends astray 
more frustrating 
lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) 
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . 
for a few comic turns 
gets its greatest play 
that powerhouse 
examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country 
if each watered down the version of the one before 
using an endearing cast 
scummy ripoff 
's at once laughable and compulsively watchable 
thinking someone made off with your wallet 
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl - 
a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 
william james once called ` the gift of tears 
wobbly premise work 
the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . ' 
, abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 
the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us 
of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film 
energetic and original 
like a tarantino movie with heart 
it 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex . 
really gives the film its oomph 
is n't very good 
affectionately goofy satire 
one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them . 
wonderfully loopy tale 
deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery 
a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression . 
is a lumbering load of hokum but 
feel good about 
bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue 
unfilmable '' novels 
a patient viewer 
racial profiling hollywood style 
the action is stilted and 
are n't very bright 
deliciously slow . 
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works 
of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim 
watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises . 
as hilarious lunacy 
could n't recommend this film more 
ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops 
a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence 
fast-paced 
superfluous sequel 
romantic crime comedy 
is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses 
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold 
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . 
but utterly delightful . 
's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene . 
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar 
easily marketable 
nothing good can happen 
a step further , richer and 
as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy 
with a searing lead performance 
you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 
is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal . 
that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name 
of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics 
we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 
funny film 
engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 
through than in most ` right-thinking ' films 
of very bad scouse accents 
loud , silly , stupid and pointless . 
overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution . 
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , 
's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california 
unbalanced 
at its utterly misplaced earnestness 
is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually 
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - 
as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast 
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood . 
dabbles all around 
sleep-inducing thriller 
an elegantly balanced movie 
too loud 
ridiculousness 
neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are . 
to fruition in her sophomore effort 
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great 
impostor is a step down for director gary fleder . 
ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 
crafty 
that these women are spectacular 
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit 
on its own , it 's not very interesting . 
( green is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 
the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 
) best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america 
childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice 
telling what at heart is a sweet little girl 
should see it as soon as possible 
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny 
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes . 
loose 
very ambitious project 
`` pretty woman '' wanted to be 
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest . 
from 
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness . 
be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor 
feel genuinely good 
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible . 
nothing about this movie works . 
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators 
shapeless and 
dumb and derivative horror 
is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 
so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 
's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects . 
so meditative and lyrical 
cheapening it 
real heart 
jane wyman and 
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear . 
in the excesses of writer-director roger avary 
more complex and honest 
stripped almost entirely 
overweight and out of shape 
cho 's latest comic set 
low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- 
the humor wry and 
a spark of its own 
devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama . 
natural and 
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile . 
less-is-more approach 
a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic 
with enough energy and excitement 
slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 
sobering cautionary tale 
surprisingly faithful 
a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés 
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and 
a 95-minute commercial 
is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . 
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists . 
for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus 
distinctly sub-par 
, i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals . 
to overcome adversity 
senseless 
bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period 
funny situations and 
dwindles . 
going to take you 
of extremely talented musicians 
a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half 
sylvie testud is icily brilliant . 
a sham 
emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema 
you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices 
lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit 
trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great 
the humor wry and sprightly 
for us 
( less a movie than ) an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment . 
frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home 
constructs 
for great cinema 
dedicated artists 
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . 
truth and realism 
milks drama when she should be building suspense 
have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 
the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast 
is one word that best describes this film : honest 
the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john 
sounds like horrible poetry . 
great cast 
engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy 
what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective 
directed and convincingly acted 
very funny , very enjoyable ... 
by ryan gosling 
it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy 
has a way of seeping into your consciousness 
a landmark in film history 
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 
subtle and 
it 's a heck of a ride 
assume is just another day of brit cinema 
'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it 
, you 're engulfed by it . 
rambling examination 
a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 
stunt-hungry dimwits 
eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness . 
taken the protagonists a full hour 
most poorly staged and 
( and lovely ) experiment 
the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout 
this quality band 
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and 
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained 
smoky and 
's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek 
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs . 
freeman and judd make it work 
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door . 
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one . 
needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic 
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre 
red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . 
the wild wild west 
at theaters 
self-amused trash 
episodic choppiness 
's why sex and lucia is so alluring . 
see something that did n't talk down to them 
lamer 
lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary 
contrived sequels 
you need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work . 
'd watch these two together again in a new york minute 
what sets ms. birot 's film apart from others in the genre 
the rut dug by the last one 
does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that . 
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... 
always entertaining 
play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life 
it deserves to be seen everywhere . 
viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor 
while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one 
to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be 
still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing . 
cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama 
it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 
finery 
you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 
between sullivan and his son 
does n't disappoint 
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow ! 
godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . 
makes it all the more compelling 
whose boozy , languid 
zings along with vibrance and warmth 
how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan 
teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing 
celebratory 
negatives 
about each other against all odds 
makes a better travelogue than movie . 
multi-character story 
the original was n't a good movie but 
wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder 
it ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains . 
proves tiresome , 
succeeded in 
looks genuinely pretty . 
credible 
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces 
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . 
feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen . 
enriched 
oddly compelling 
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music 
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence . 
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream 
to induce sleep than fright 
sinks further and further into comedy futility . 
unintentionally 
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man 
compassionate 
silly beyond comprehension 
through kafka 's meat grinder 
show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen 
a lot of energy 
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . 
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all ) 
a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' 
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break 
expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape 
unmistakable , easy joie 
sometimes improbable story 
snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i 
, romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program . 
puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously 
with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism 
a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction 
all the halfhearted zeal 
correctly 
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 
the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm 
wish you had n't seen 
cinema classic 
under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure 
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others . 
done and perfectly 
barely shocking 
blue crush is as predictable as the tides . 
wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful 
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines . 
neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . 
without much of a story 
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , 
does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny . 
a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime 
rare window 
's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers 
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves 
charmless and vacant 
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic . 
zings along with vibrance and warmth . 
it appears not to have been edited at all 
with a moral 
about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days 
its utterly misplaced earnestness 
includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick 
as the protagonists struggled 
is an interesting character 
ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering 
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent 
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine . 
does such high-profile talent serve such literate material 
not a good movie 
used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again 
clever enough 
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily . 
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive . 
a sane and breathtakingly creative film 
misogyny 
matters play out realistically if not always fairly . 
an honestly nice little film 
a comedic moment 
, my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . 
there , done that , 
slightly humorous and tender story 
why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? 
own meager weight 
captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse 
miraculous movie 
a winning and wildly fascinating work . 
it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up 
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ... 
a complete waste of time . 
fearless 
sometimes endearing 
its whimsical humor 
could be considered a funny little film 
something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life 
sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . 
done way too often 
lots of hollywood fluff 
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . 
( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism . 
have to admit that i am baffled by jason x. 
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters 
that returns the martial arts master to top form 
irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . 
remarkably original work 
the most moronic screenplays of the year , 
a gem 
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 
embarrassed to be part of 
put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life . 
equally miserable 
wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and 
on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries 
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce 
it 's boring 
simple , sweet and romantic comedy 
is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 
misses 
to keep it interested 
an extraordinary faith in the ability of images 
fantasies 
riveting 
, pretty and gifted , it really won my heart 
its amiable jerking 
gross-out flicks , 
beautiful scene 
examines many different ideas from happiness 
the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy 
did they not have the nerve to speak up 
conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all 
is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish 
in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance 
takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion 
the entire cast is extraordinarily good . 
of inexcusable dumb innocence 
energy and excitement 
that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film 
better vehicle 
has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock 
that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence 
may puzzle his most ardent fans . 
not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick 
with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 
it 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ... 
the star who helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears 
too much of storytelling moves away from solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries . 
inherently 
has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film 
are moments of hilarity to be had . 
discarded 
wholly unconvincing 
hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously 
though a capable thriller 
well-executed 
sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama 
undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold 
chamber of secrets 
dumbed-down version 
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire . 
comes out on video 
it is a refreshingly forthright one 
what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay 
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame 
relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 
cinematic intoxication 
( reynolds ) takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . 
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach 
quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory . 
reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls 
best possible senses 
like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness . 
grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience 
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time . 
is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 
coming-of-age film 
struggle 
is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling 
asia , where ms. shu is an institution 
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art 
an utterly incompetent conclusion 
... hokey art house pretension . 
enjoyably 
most original american productions 
overlong , and bombastic 
benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- 
fun-for-fun 
nicholas nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year . 
are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster . 
third time 's the charm 
more compelling 
such an engrossing story 
appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) 
charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark 
it should be interesting 
like to skip but film buffs should get to know 
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon 
could hate it for the same reason . 
drowsy drama 
rueful , wry humor 
surprise us with plot twists 
bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 
emerges a radiant character portrait 
to make the formula feel fresh 
clumsily manufactured exploitation flick 
tries to be smart 
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . 
violence overshadows everything 
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 
sheer dynamism 
breakthrough 
in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested 
at every faltering half-step of its development 
is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller 
pathetic as dahmer 
is genuinely witty 
holds up well after two decades 
killer 
its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm 
, flat dialogue 
, it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés . 
plays like clueless does south fork . 
that rare combination 
's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout . 
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack 
b-movie 
a bad taste in your mouth and questions 
like the work of someone 
made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun 
not be a breakthrough in filmmaking 
's just not very smart . 
allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself 
it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it 
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them 
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as 
because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat 
generous and deep 
it is definitely worth seeing . 
as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material 
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- 
done-to-death material 
never knew what the hell was coming next 
inarticulate 
the best comedy concert movie 
had to endure last summer 
... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags . 
a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job 
killing time 
of fun for all 
from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill . 
goodwill 
are many definitions of ` time waster ' 
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful . 
so hot-blooded 
sobering , heart-felt drama 
weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school 
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary 
a treatise on spirituality as well as 
almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson 
with a smile on your face 
been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) 
idiosyncratic humor 
re-fried green tomatoes 
a disturbing disregard 
embraces it , energizes it 
a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . 
biggest names 
is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks 
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening 
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic 
sabotage 
dull-witted and 
it 's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure . 
flawed , 
seems more tacky and reprehensible 
that tears welled up in my eyes both times 
playwriting 101 premise 
the troubling thing about clockstoppers 
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity . 
appeal to women 
the original could ever have hoped to be 
four-star movie 
its emotional power 
corny examination 
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements 
with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at 
wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie 
is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . 
become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) 
short running 
have developed some taste 
superficial and unrealized 
her subject matter 
gets under our skin and 
is devoid of wit and humor 
make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 
the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 
elusive , yet inexplicably 
in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . 
ca n't be dismissed as mindless 
... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh . 
maudlin ending 
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination 
possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 
at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 
an enjoyable level 
celebration 
as miraculous as its dreamworks makers 
hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters 
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing ! 
, do n't bother . 
leaps over national boundaries 
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and 
done cinematically 
one-sidedness 
, shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . 
sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being . 
julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism 
knucklehead swill 
dutiful precision 
if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or 
naturalistic acting 
she may not be real 
of the same old garbage 
ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar 
silly and monotonous 
a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes 
seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , 
suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters 
a fan of the genre 
undone 
daring and verve 
beautifully shot 
the sheer dumbness 
crassly 
what 's most memorable about circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb . 
unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head 
head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work 
boring movie 
the work of a genuine and singular artist 
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and 
is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music 
a compassionate 
a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast 
so larger than life 
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done 
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards . 
together frustrating 
in white 's intermittently wise script 
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough . 
the bottom of the barrel 
all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 
enchantment 
a mindless action flick 
is as delightful 
puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers 
is a commanding screen presence 
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one . 
, we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament 
longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach 
this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 
of his reserved but existential poignancy 
thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be 
family 
of emotional comfort 
outing with one of france 's most inventive directors 
is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot 
a light touch 
never rises to a higher level 
two fine actors , 
the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected 
everybody loves a david and goliath story , 
the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires 
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top . 
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , 
, godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon . 
, a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 
grounded 
it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence 
most refreshing about real women have curves 
could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 . 
look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard 
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . 
meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story 
he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 
predictable storyline 
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought . 
its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy 
played this story straight 
chilling movie 
a xerox machine 
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie . 
spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are . 
is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year 
spicy footnote 
shallow and dim-witted 
, like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . 
mediocre end 
repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences 
it 's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill . 
make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life 
can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head 
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue . 
can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody 
thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about 
, the film does hold up pretty well . 
prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense 
the poor acting 
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way . 
... the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . 
those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time 
suffocating rape-payback horror 
step backward 
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe 
breathes extraordinary life 
lax 
surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot 
a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) 
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved . 
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia 
handsome and well-made entertainment 
messy and frustrating 
that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 
sounds whiny and defensive , 
's never dull and 
a strong dramatic and emotional pull 
plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story . 
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood . 
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ? 
that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess 
beware the quirky brit-com . 
it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers 
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . 
demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken 
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed . 
loads of cgi and bushels of violence 
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends 
a little better than sorcerer 's stone 
steven soderbergh 's earlier films 
considerable appeal 
lax and 
it all unfolds predictably , 
something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel 
with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption 
the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had 
that 's as entertaining as it is instructive 
brainless 
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again . 
, difficult and sad 
getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera 
most brilliant work 
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , 
makes the film special 
child abuse 
rode the zipper 
the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother 
berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance 
rollerball left us cold 
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , 
coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather 
trailer trash cinema 
does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances 
there 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . 
the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma 
a travesty 
is nicely shot 
it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . 
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? 
great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting 
fumbles away 
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness . 
are simply too bland to be interesting 
cinema 's directorial giants 
old-fashioned but emotionally stirring 
take this film at face value 
swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award 
commands attention . 
come with the warning `` 
circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . 
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste . 
it 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that . 
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events . 
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight 
new inspiration 
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious . 
to string together enough charming moments to work 
that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy 
not without cheesy fun factor . 
was chuckling at all the wrong times 
has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong 
all the wiggling energy 
rolling your eyes 
in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium 
with incredible subtlety and acumen 
satisfyingly odd and intriguing 
be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot 
worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production 
create images you wish you had n't seen 
barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks . 
are especially fine . 
, as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable 
authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment . 
malaise 
if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous 
through ill-conceived action pieces 
who 's being conned right up to the finale 
recommend snow dogs 
trying to create something original 
that the movie has virtually nothing to show 
the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice 
far more enjoyable than its predecessor . 
grinning 
vile enough 
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare 
too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing 
pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish 
the finished product 's unshapely look 
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 
`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store '' 
ends up as a bitter pill 
eerily 
have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for 
belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers 
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold . 
the lively intelligence 
left us cold 
of good stuff 
, it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . 
going to jell 
spiritual film taps 
falls somewhat short 
there 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery 
most opaque , 
the best story 
poetic tragedy 
this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . 
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... circuit gets drawn into the party . 
you 're in for a painful ride . 
the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem 
perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood 
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise . 
has little to do with the story 
respectable new one 
a certain robustness 
the story plays out slowly 
funny yet 
silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theater for some time 
, has stopped challenging himself 
describing badness 
underestimated 
get to an imitation movie 
settled for a lugubrious romance 
exploits ( headbanger ) 
's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . 
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books . 
perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff . 
unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema 
is honestly affecting 
it does give exposure to some talented performers 
are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 
to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life 
for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting 
romantic tale 
dangerously honest 
current innovators 
succumbs to sensationalism 
the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers 
well established 
movie gauge 
while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage 
does no justice to the story itself 
who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 
it 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert 
teeny-bopper set 
a terrible movie in every regard 
's like having an old friend for dinner ' 
grumble 
an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . 
been called freddy gets molested by a dog 
an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 
dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem 
raunchy and 
` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore 
worth your seven bucks 
the crisp clarity of a fall dawn 
this much imagination and 
their seats 
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project 
accomplished work 
hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) 
ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense 
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and 
the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story 
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... 
an oddly winning portrayal 
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho . 
deeper and more engaging . 
captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 
is kinda wrong in places 
stale copy 
alexander payne 's ode to the everyman 
schmaltz 
work up much entertainment value 
as plain and pedestrian as 
were once amusing 
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but 
innovative 
the film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations . 
no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same 
law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey 
good actors , 
is impressively true for being so hot-blooded 
a gorgeous color palette 
son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . '' 
the subject matter is as adult as you can get 
bland , surfacey way 
as gripping 
can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut 
perfect example 
lovely , sad dance 
will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus . 
has it beat by a country mile 
make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . 
old-fashioned themes 
's with the unexplained baboon cameo 
sub-formulaic 
some bad singer-turned actors 
slick production values and 
a bland animated sequel 
the secret 's eventual discovery 
's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations 
scotland looks wonderful , 
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down . 
roars with leonine power 
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties . 
an after school special 
may be based on a true and historically significant story 
devastating indictment 
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and 
you 're too interested to care . 
's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series 
will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . 
vital action sequences 
slim hopes and dreams 
kinky fun 
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 
the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories 
it 's really well directed 
's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but 
preserving a sense of mystery 
a surprisingly faithful remake 
vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw 
thanks to a small star with big heart 
the town has kind of an authentic feel , 
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers 
into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances 
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , 
logistically 
-- and gross -- 
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so 
hold society in place 
trailer-trash style . 
have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time 
bland 
against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family 
alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , 
an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 
treat . 
the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- 
perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy 
forgettable , if good-hearted , movie . 
's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene 
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking . 
does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . 
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs . 
that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 
it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . 
offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them . 
proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors 
made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate 
mushy , existential exploration 
of insulting , both to men and women 
inventive cinematic tricks and 
sappy script 
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids . 
did i miss something ? '' 
quirkily appealing minor movie 
its surreal sense of humor and technological finish 
, the production works more often than it does n't . 
to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 
an emotional edge 
with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers . 
leave fans clamoring for another ride 
stale material 
that only seems to care about the bottom line 
predictable and 
deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film . 
a deep vein of sadness 
what begins brightly 
want to watch if you only had a week to live 
a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma 
most of its ilk 
is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album 
the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children 
the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . 
rare trick 
the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors . 
burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol 
too slow for a younger crowd 
cool event 
overused cocktail 
von sydow ... 
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 
a half dozen 
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet . 
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation . 
has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . 
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect . 
excited that it has n't gone straight to video 
self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman 
's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins 
more a gunfest than a rock concert . 
visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure . 
itself , a playful spirit 
a lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him . 
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking 
display an original talent 
a terrible movie , 
looks elsewhere 
the major problem with windtalkers 
sketches ... 
wise enough 
after a while , hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial . 
but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds . 
whether or not you buy mr. broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . 
lofty 
make you laugh 
dated 
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . 
davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 
to head off in its own direction 
a very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy . 
a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them 
somber , absurd , and 
, the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 
, nutty , consistently funny . 
you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together 
unembarrassing but unmemorable 
electrocute and dismember 
is a director to watch 
, look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls 
like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump 
are intriguing and realistic 
a great writer 
very entertaining , thought-provoking film 
enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne 
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why . 
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency 
the effort is sincere and 
becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 
been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe 
wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way 
it 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth . 
passionate and truthful 
both a beautifully 
overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes 
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , 
impressive images 
scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation . 
minac drains his movie of all individuality 
the extraordinarily rich landscape 
, credible 
content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool 
wonderfully funny 
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and 
well-deserved 
intriguing species 
, you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 
of playing with narrative form 
someone other than the director 
an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar . 
, the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 
all its agonizing , catch-22 glory 
be intimate and socially encompassing 
so , i trust 
immensely entertaining look 
lush and beautifully 
any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve 
quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to . 
been the ultimate imax trip 
something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation 
some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting 
grows 
serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure . 
detail 
that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history 
is unusual but unfortunately also irritating 
easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity 
thanks to the presence of ` the king 
works spectacularly well ... 
sterile 
a place in your heart 
think of this dog of a movie 
the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés 
an ill-conceived 
close to losing my lunch 
fun and funny in the middle , though 
this is classic nowheresville in every sense 
seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent 
, moving 
woody , what happened ? 
a large dose of painkillers 
duly impressive in imax dimensions 
be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all 
to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries 
there 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance . 
the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience . 
a standout performance 
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together 
hugely enjoyable in its own right 
an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes 
sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before . 
to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 
the edge of your seat 
oddly 
saddled 
probably one of the best since the last waltz 
's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh 
works on no level whatsoever for me 
a cut above the rest 
can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise . 
's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable 
fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile 
the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story . 
quietly moving 
cleverly constructed 
'd bother watching past the second commercial break 
at all the wrong times 
crap 
comes to dreaming up romantic comedies 
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. 
best sports movie 
of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) 
should be interesting 
if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . 
too literally 
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad . 
, ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . 
grows on you -- 
saddest action hero performances 
the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy . 
satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 
find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for 
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance . 
at least it 's a funny no-brainer 
for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish 
van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest . 
be funny , uplifting and moving 
in a class by itself 
can see the forest for the trees 
sloughs one 's way 
could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own 
staggeringly unoriginal terms 
this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario 
a return to pure disney 
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies . 
a goofy pleasure 
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making 
such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence . 
that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism 
no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer 
grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration 
a pleasure 
torture 
miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . 
has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women 
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 
lost in the murk of its own making 
's not a great monster movie 
` best part ' of the movie 
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest 
am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold ! 
unlimited access to families and church meetings 
woe 
aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives 
the unmentionable 
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks 
its ability to shock and amaze 
no idea of it is serious 
terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects 
debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined 
the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy 
smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary 
a landmark 
creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical 
manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar 
seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots 
riveting power and sadness 
that it 's offensive , 
circa 
want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 
no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable . 
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , 
poverty 
the ` ick ' in ` classic 
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 
what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking . 
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle . 
ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , 
i was entranced . 
manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust . 
classic story 
flat , misguided comedy . 
it will warm your heart , 
a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare 
jackass is a vulgar and 
is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' 
muted 
with pitifully few real laughs 
wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths 
a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama 
feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 
green ruins every single scene he 's in , 
accident-prone 
george hickenlooper 's 
gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness 
good-naturedly cornball sequel . 
the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops 
a nice album 
us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing 
a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness 
thought it was going to be 
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity 
shakespeare 
equal laughs 
three hours and with very little story or character development 
burns 's strongest film 
does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . 
's stylishly directed with verve 
the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt 
replacing john carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage . 
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship . 
with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans 
competently 
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ? 
's brilliant 
he does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role . 
labyrinthine 
rollicking adventure 
to see who can out-bad-act the other 
usual spielberg flair 
community-college advertisement 
sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit . 
a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair 
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild 
its unhurried narrative 
develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide 
seven rip-off 
the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances 
a good way 
refreshing and comical 
he expresses our most basic emotions 
'' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . 
intelligence 
he provides a strong itch to explore more . 
of the funniest motion 
... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations . 
estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro 
fresh and 
narrative continuity 
symbolic examination 
more mindless 
works smoothly 
is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip 
realism , crisp storytelling and radiant 
still-inestimable contribution 
adorable italian guys 
their story is predictable 
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . 
, unimaginative 
abbass 's understated 
big stars and high production values are standard procedure 
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability . 
heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness 
is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience 
makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 
a cinematic poem 
makes you feel like a chump 
are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times 
note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget 
to be fully forgotten 
adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay 
coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings . 
moldering 
reassuringly familiar 
lame comedy . 
the film 's cheeky charm 
's still too burdened by the actor 
enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid . 
retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision 
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ? 
forceful drama 
overly convenient plot twists 
ill-considered , unholy hokum . 
shrill , simple and soapy . 
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting . 
a revealing look at the collaborative process and 
the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , 
like having a real film of nijinsky 
problematic script 
is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes 
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks 
uncomfortably timely , relevant , and 
the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness 
that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting 
the skills of a calculus major at m.i.t. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 
mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power 
, amusing study 
its moviegoing pleasures 
had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain 
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted 
of mediocre acting 
of high hilarity 
intense 
` it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . ' 
warning you 
old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas 
itch to explore more 
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity . 
an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . 
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . 
visual appeal 
an impeccable study in perversity . 
while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez . 
this movie got me grinning . 
left me 
we care about the story 
it 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars 
pleasing the crowds 
allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 
thrillingly 
shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull . 
as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor 
tired 
weighs down 
on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script 
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers . 
noticeably less 
blasphemous bad 
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and 
a film less 
never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks 
the characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . 
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary 
one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed 
manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference . 
would have saved this film a world of hurt 
ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors 
jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod 
a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout 
easy to watch 
quiet , confident 
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ... 
should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 
made literature literal without killing its soul 
to see what all the fuss is about 
`` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff 
as brave and challenging 
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination 
collectively stellar performance 
( ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation . 
in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . ' 
a passionately inquisitive film 
yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state 
leguizamo and jones are both excellent 
that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light 
devastating testimony 
boozy 
's definitely an improvement on the first blade 
caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose . 
( the film ) works 
a sheer unbridled delight in the way 
an all-time low for kevin costner 
put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 
brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth 
not well-acted 
know the picture is in trouble . 
refreshing change 
a classic fairy tale 
the lack of linearity 
the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun . 
a compelling piece 
give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 
shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable 
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud 
too bad to be good 
relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script 
impossibly long limbs 
destroy 
authentic feel 
blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest . 
be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly 
from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman 
how horrible we are to ourselves and each other 
makes it all the more compelling . 
a fullness 
sweet without the decay 
must-see 
it does so without compromising that complexity . 
pure adrenalin 
to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools 
like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story . 
covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people 
there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . 
this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem . 
all the comic possibilities of its situation 
one of demme 's good films 
actually exploiting it yourself 
treasure 
fun factor 
also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end 
adorably 
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance . 
your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes 
the familiar , funny surface 
deserves recommendation 
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes 
accessible and 
of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout 
builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy . 
larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller 
the film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? 
stoop so low 
full circle 
a real filmmaker 's eye 
option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept 
dependable concept 
this was lazy but enjoyable 
i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable 
a good documentary 
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... 
sloppy slapstick 
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural 
a promise nor 
film that suffers because of its many excesses 
springing 
everything is off . 
on and on to the point of nausea 
to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes 
uses very little dialogue 
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . 
about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery 
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof . 
great help 
fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique . 
jeff 's ) gorgeous 
this tale has been told and retold 
painful and 
guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face 
by all means 
the one-sided theme 
on a wal-mart budget 
an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ... 
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence 
so clumsily sentimental 
be careful what you wish for '' 
wo n't still be tapping 
warm , inviting , and surprising 
) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . 
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . 
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . 
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , 
guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) . 
sheer unbridled delight 
of the lovable-loser protagonist 
the tuxedo was n't just bad 
a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images 
is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . 
due to its rapid-fire delivery and 
a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is . 
obnoxious 
could relish 
one of the funnier movies in town . 
relatively nothing happens 
be something to behold 
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good . 
that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend . 
sweet home abomination 
low-budget filmmaking 
a markedly inactive film , 
nationwide blight 
ungainly movie 
thumbs up 
a casual intelligence 
a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) 
a slight but sweet film . 
liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed 
blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . 
come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another 
was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be 
written so well 
parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature . 
an action icon 
only dull 
is a trove of delights 
that this should seal the deal 
fits the bill 
to his supple understanding of the role 
also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them . 
improvise and scream 
own floundering way 
released in imax format 
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity . 
narcissistic 
really a true 
mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way 
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too . 
with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch 
plot and pornographic way 
sweetest thing 
it has its moments 
an uncompromising film 
astonishingly skillful and moving 
is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 
being surprisingly dull 
the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch 
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent 
on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere 
assumes you are n't very bright 
was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash 
slow . 
with a large dose of painkillers 
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and 
that the talented cast generally 
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , 
yet , it must be admitted , 
acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . 
of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set 
's still a guilty pleasure to watch 
fell apart 
it 's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul . 
-- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama 
actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 
would be a welcome improvement 
zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos 
a matinee price 
been remarkable 
it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick 
what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 
good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort 
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers . 
, offering fine acting moments and pungent 
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing 
going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look . 
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker . 
beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in . 
despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development 
have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 
are simply intoxicating 
a total lack 
of a sick and evil woman 
doomed 
a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities 
through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause 
the visual panache , the comic touch , and 
movie-of-the-week 
is a fascinating little tale . 
devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot 
the finest 
strokes the eyeballs 
a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 
the holocaust escape story 
unabashedly hopeful 
yet unforgivingly inconsistent 
uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels 
( at least ) moore is a real charmer . 
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english 
more interesting -- 
in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 
decent 
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself 
its premise is smart , 
touching , small-scale story 
with added depth and resonance 
is n't downright silly 
wanders 
chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries 
as a pink slip 
that trademark grin 
in search of a better movie experience 
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : 
whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle 
replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around 
a condition only the old are privy to 
more bizarre than actually amusing 
dissing the film 
is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors . 
on expressing itself in every way imaginable 
into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy 
, two towers outdoes its spectacle . 
is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . 
you actually buy into 
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c. walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago . 
sick and twisted 
does n't add up to a whole lot . 
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative 
spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese 
of international acclaim 
execrable . 
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but 
the film 's predictable denouement 
stirring music 
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences 
's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) 
unpleasant 
pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama 
offers an interesting look 
the park 
to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 
there are some laughs in this movie , 
pretty decent 
, the movie is rather choppy . 
allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- 
director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time 
makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend 
natural-seeming actors 
the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits 
as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy 
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater . 
like a hazy high that takes too long to shake 
seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece 
think it 's in danger of going wrong 
awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story 
daft by half ... but supremely good natured . 
french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music 
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional . 
it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . 
fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country 
wonderful cinematography 
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series . 
waiting for godard can be fruitful : ` in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself . 
could hardly ask for more . 
very minds 
thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy 
the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version 
is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis . 
a beautiful , aching sadness 
dismally 
, and dramatically moving 
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour . 
drawn-out 
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears . 
two-day old porridge 
seriously , folks , it does n't work . 
that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action 
from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 
in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing 
be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely 
is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be 
it made me feel unclean , 
is wrong in its sequel . 
the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness 
is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings 
much ado about something is an amicable endeavor . 
more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 
labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 
watching this waste of time 
daring and beautifully made 
a sincere performance 
are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack 
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . 
a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship 
authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study 
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and 
hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) 
manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema 
flopping 
thoughtful without having much dramatic impact 
stays with you long after you have left the theater 
sustains it 
reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake ! 
the actors ' perfect comic timing and 
that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary 
if you recognize zeus ( the dog from snatch ) it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one . 
has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess 
watch these two together again 
humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life 
more predictable than their consequences 
most original 
is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 
buried , drowned and 
a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and 
unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
gary larson 's far side humor 
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot . 
` anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . ' 
flourish 
if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve 
a must-see 
refreshing and 
be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work 
the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught . 
of the best 
a good time with this one too 
have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again 
the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . 
what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special 
dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick 
old-fashioned , occasionally charming 
pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . 
hard to say who might enjoy this 
by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits 
the reunion 
it may not be particularly innovative , 
glued 
with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look 
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost . 
mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis 
who know nothing about the subject 
guts 
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel 
the delusions 
an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love 
a crass and insulting homage to great films 
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , 
remarkable and novel 
a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music 
sucks , but 
: celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . 
is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach 
resourceful amnesiac 
all-out 
will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 
are worthwhile 
a stirring , funny 
most impressive player 
with bloody beauty as vivid 
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor 
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull 
, then by all means check it out . 
a collectively stellar performance 
a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy 
with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count 
to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it 
with such life-embracing spirit 
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting 
raise audience 's spirits and 
makes this a high water mark for this genre . 
clear sense 
be a great piece of filmmaking 
two unrelated shorts that falls far short 
coming-of-age portrait 
conspicuous 
can such a cold movie 
than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence 
expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup 
like any of these despicable characters 
the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme 
gut-clutching piece 
not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' 
befuddling 
slovenly life 
the jokes are flat , 
, the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . 
is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . 
as a tragic figure 
combined with stunning animation 
which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director 
that these brats will ever be anything more than losers 
is of overwhelming waste 
pacino is the best he 's been in years and 
haphazardness 
grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 
wind-in-the-hair exhilarating 
is off . 
have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head 
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ... 
wanes 
because it aims so low 
a seriously bad film with seriously 
saw how bad this movie was 
for their acting chops , but for their looks 
he has at least one more story to tell : his own . 
's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . 
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise . 
unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy 
to the grayish quality of its lighting 
hate myself most mornings 
best little `` horror '' movie 
is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew 
of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party 
pop up in nearly every corner of the country 
he drags it back , single-handed . 
, kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . 
the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made 
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture 
the consciously dumbed-down approach 
wonderfully creepy 
more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining . 
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , 
hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . 
as a serious drama about spousal abuse 
bitterly 
illustrated by a winning family story 
unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow . 
cold , gray , antiseptic and 
hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art . 
a torn book jacket 
undeniably intriguing film 
sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 
movie-biz 
has actually bothered to construct a real story this time 
the pleasures of a well-made pizza 
favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate . 
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic . 
fall 's 
flinging their feces 
will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking 
reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable . 
completely predictable 
phoney-feeling sentiment 
potentially trite and overused 
sterling 
form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people . 
has deftly trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but 
it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur . 
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers . 
the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves . 
to lowly studio hack 
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery 
inventive moments 
of old-fashioned hollywood magic 
that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families 
gut-wrenching 
amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 
the best thing i can say about this film is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next . 
do not automatically equal laughs 
with such confidence 
to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded 
charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate 
is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation . 
as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine 
draws the audience 
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . 
have a hard time believing it was just coincidence 
the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease 
it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three 
richer and more observant 
the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 
a rating of zero 
this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states . 
leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless 
intelligent high school 
a keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters 
intense and effective film 
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty 
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals 
beyond-lame satire 
toilet 
waters 
ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch 
just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market 
valuable 
a touching love story 
the integrity 
kinetically-charged spy flick worthy 
the simple fact 
entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's 
wretched movie 
roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information . 
an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears 
is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics . 
once intimate and universal cinema 
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious 
by the incessant use of cell phones 
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment . 
it was n't horrible either 
solid storytelling . 
is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven 
argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door 
do n't even like their characters . 
sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 
his chemistry with shimizu is very believable 
at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work 
sex with strangers is a success . 
you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger 
a verbal duel between two gifted performers 
compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject 
become very involved 
never 
outstanding soundtrack 
her cheery and tranquil suburban life 
a convincing one 
, purpose and emotionally bruised characters 
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . 
dull plots 
an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off . 
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration 
bad things 
so impersonal or even shallow 
crippled children 
viva le resistance ! 
its agonizing , catch-22 glory 
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab . 
a winning comedy 
draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent 
are sweet and believable , 
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress . 
's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre 
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time 
real film 
schindler 's 
it 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career . 
suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . 
plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 
the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable 
the experience worthwhile 
has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil 
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective 
in three words : thumbs friggin ' down 
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ... 
attempts , in vain 
good-natured and sometimes quite funny 
manic 
, remote , emotionally distant piece 
the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale 
to have the best of both worlds 
something wholly original 
heroic deserves a look 
to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 
throwaway 
affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes 
unexplainable pain 
they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail . 
with minimal imagination 
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms 
babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 
dense 
makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important 
proud in its message 
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , 
if there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . 
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs 
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie 
terribly obvious 
`` auto focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era 
this every-joke-has - been-told-a 
seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 
uneven performances 
fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire 
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block 
outnumber the hits by three-to-one . 
of its gaudy hawaiian shirt 
the intensity 
nonsensical 
believe it 
has several strong performances . 
gets vivid , convincing performances 
be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences 
we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 . 
has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic 
that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s 
is good , except its timing 
bring 
rock 's stand-up magic 
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise . 
it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is 
's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 
steve martin 
an incomprehensible 
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock . 
filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope 
to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films 
the film is deadly dull 
a few other decent ones 
it 's a loathsome movie 
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 
been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness 
, unfunny one 
embrace small , sweet ` evelyn 
, even-flowing tone 
is n't really about anything . 
as tiresome as 9 
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film . 
off witty and sophisticated 
the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries 
berry 's saucy 
of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing 
gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust 
, ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . 
a skillful filmmaker 
a spiritual aspect 
as often imaginative 
of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor 
its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor 
with every cinematic tool 
-- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- 
the feel of poetic tragedy 
serviceability , but 
lost dreams 
tendency 
dismiss -- 
the french lieutenant 's woman 
above-average brains 
even non-techies can enjoy 
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut 
lost the politics and the social observation 
who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep 
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos 
long-on-the-shelf 
that 's neither completely enlightening , nor 
clever in spots 
develop her own film language 
being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone 
needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us 
throw elbows when necessary 
afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket 
surprises you with unexpected comedy 
its terrific performances 
ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material 
it is very difficult to care about the character 
worthy predecessors 
, soggy potboiler 
smart and newfangled 
at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting 
visually atrocious 
is a gem 
rooted 
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds . 
flamboyant 
turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning . 
find little of interest 
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get 
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that 
... there is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 
sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . 
as the old-hat province of male intrigue 
conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here 
beautifully read and , finally , 
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship 
carried out by men of marginal intelligence , 
act weird 
working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding 
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama 
ca n't compare friday after next to them 
really busts out of its comfy little cell 
valley of the dolls 
mainly unfunny 
the movie sputters 
is a dud 
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor 
issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate 
keep our interest 
life-embracing spirit 
sort of amazing 
clever , offbeat and 
who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely 
may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 
compelling motion 
good performances keep it from being a total rehash . 
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 
is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky 
favorably 
is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish 
lumbering load 
's the element of condescension , 
results is the best performance from either in years 
of bad animation and mindless violence 
is no doubt true 
bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew 
such good humor 
a chilling movie without oppressive 
can be a bit repetitive 
very real and amusing give-and-take 
so badly 
uncommonly pleasurable 
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions 
dialogue and likeable characters 
her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic 
occasional jarring glimpses 
are masterfully controlled . 
, but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel 
it 's hardly a necessary enterprise . 
flaws , but also 
perfect comic timing 
at least three films 
of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio 
, is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly . 
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . 
told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 
is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves 
a predictable outcome and 
alternately hilarious and sad 
the power and grace 
sometimes tedious 
captures the raw comic energy of one 
has something to say 
in his right mind 
because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas 
, ingenious 
it 's the worst movie of 2002 
is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 
gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . 
artificial and soulless 
it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 
gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day 
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there . 
a heartening tale of small victories and 
this might have been an eerie thriller 
in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type 
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find 
redeemed by its stars 
like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming 
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting 
seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed 
truly , truly bad movie 
incomprehensible 
's already a joke in the united states . 
a charming but slight comedy 
is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad 
is oscar-worthy . 
just does n't have anything really interesting to say . 
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it . 
grab your kids and run 
's bright 
be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop 
producer john penotti 
pass this stinker 
`` wild ride '' 
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , 
` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks 
thoughtless , random , superficial humor and a lot of very bad scouse accents 
absurdist wit 
often downright creepy 
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others 
acted , quietly affecting cop drama 
its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale 
for its originality 
honest and loving 
hopes and dreams 
the excruciating end 
goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes 
most pitiful 
that has no point and goes nowhere 
one of the best looking and stylish 
first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy 
the shadowy lighting 
figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats . 
funny and touching film 
with clever dialogue and likeable characters 
the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 
of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 
a pleasing , often-funny comedy 
dredge up 
, energetic and sweetly whimsical 
uphill or something 
do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition . 
has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation 
for the most part , the film is deadly dull 
entertains not so much 
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent 
is at 22 a powerful young actor 
sick 
snore 
achingly sad 
casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired 
it 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain . 
as darkly funny , energetic 
quite a nosedive 
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor . 
canny and 
its visual imagination 
is n't something to be taken seriously 
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape 
he forgets to make it entertaining 
a life interestingly lived 
freedom to feel contradictory things 
talents 
keep people going in this crazy life 
this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients . 
headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito 
they 're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood . 
green ruins every single scene he 's in 
fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 
can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline 
interesting effort 
with great sympathy and intelligence 
could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower . 
are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary . 
a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes 
kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers 
, witty , improbable romantic comedy 
is brilliant , really 
's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire 
had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 
intolerant 
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , 
has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films 
afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience 
haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue 
runteldat is something of a triumph . 
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me 
valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view 
style and empathy 
openness , the little surprises 
made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 
a genre-curling crime story 
that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm 
equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are . 
for humor and bite 
curiously , super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . 
go from stark desert 
with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic 
sometimes improbable 
are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times . 
impressively 
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor 
photographed and beautifully recorded . 
a natural sense for what works 
failing to find a spark of its own 
dramatic enough 
leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions 
offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame 
is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . 
with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs 
wears thin 
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances 
the movie in a superficial way , while never sure 
is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness 
sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest 
one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage 
you have to pay if you want to see it 
the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 
has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed . 
from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american 
to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi 
bouncy score 
hoping for a stiff wind 
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does 
does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift 
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment . 
sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors . 
downhill 
bilked 
must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him . 
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay . 
dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 
really stupid 
a smile on your face and 
you liked the previous movies in the series 
dislikable study in sociopathy 
astounds 
by the pathetic idea 
, poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 
the lovers 
mushy as peas 
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , 
best special effects 
an inexplicable nightmare 
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life . 
things insipid 
sits there like a side dish no one ordered . 
sets the tone for a summer of good stuff 
recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 
informative , intriguing , observant 
weirdly 
the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up 
alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but ayurveda does the field no favors . 
power-lunchers 
treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects 
a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key 
long and tedious 
is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . 
treading water at best in this forgettable effort 
less capable 
saddest 
arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation . 
is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow 
to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant 
are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances . 
pleasuring 
it 's on par with the first one 
into the modern rut of narrative banality 
obsessive 
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , 
, romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief 
best 
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... 
time fillers between surf shots 
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . 
feels like a prison stretch 
the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick . 
makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera . 
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- 
the tale with bogus profundities 
ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving 
you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller 
thoughtlessly assembled 
hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary 
watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy . 
was a guilty pleasure 
laughs at how clever it 's being . 
a remote shelf 
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- 
sad to say -- 
perfect family film 
amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin 
the place where a masterpiece should be 
occasionally flawed , 
is funny and 
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , 
a stereotype 
of a travesty of a transvestite comedy 
ambitious film 
some genuine spontaneity 
could have guessed at the beginning 
that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat . 
, there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . 
has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 
big excuse 
as much of a mess as this one 
wickedly funny 
's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 
he does best 
it is laughingly enjoyable 
to the power of the eccentric and the strange 
magic and is enjoyable family fare . 
christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists 
viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances 
a long , unfunny one at that 
difficult for the audience 
holds promise 
has failed him 
insignificant 
its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet 
a powerful young actor 
as it is interminable 
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here . 
slow down 
repetitious 
go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies 
of ineptly 
the lustrous polished visuals 
healing 
as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah 
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker 
contrived , unmotivated , and 
hymn and a cruel story of youth culture 
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , 
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects 
any other kind of intelligent humor 
making kahlo 's art a living , 
aimlessly 
decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three . 
best espionage picture 
petty thievery 
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors 
for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 
, he has at least one more story to tell : his own . 
, it has some problems 
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness . 
food-spittingly 
dedication 
morally bankrupt 
under-10 set 
kitchen-sink homage 
... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . ' 
from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script 
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right . 
lagaan really is enormously good fun . 
is to be mesmerised 
bad action movie 
third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby ! 
little alien 
overcome bad hair design 
-- she 's pretty and she can act -- 
innuendo 
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field 
this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life 
did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection 
is hartley 's least accessible screed yet 
have a whale of a good time 
you will likely enjoy this monster 
's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . 
it 's still terrible ! 
a delicately crafted film 
bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama 
for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity 
this masterful 
a nice little story in the process 
hard , endearing , caring 
has a brain 
americans 
the genre and another first-rate performance 
fairytale 
sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers . 
fiend 
found it weirdly appealing 
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole . 
ambiguous and nothing 
turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 
it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor 
the movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster . 
the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art 
the film would be a total washout . 
a strangely sinister happy ending 
is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies . 
bravura 
orgy 
of a stylish psychological thriller 
( silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around ) 
it 's sort of in-between 
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline . 
to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief 
, cultivation and devotion 
lies ... 
empty 
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen . 
's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . 
's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf 
in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker 
of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it 
's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge 
bittersweet contemporary comedy 
degrading and strangely liberating 
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications . 
depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable 
pointed personalities , courage , tragedy 
american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 
the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire . 
you 're on the edge of your seat 
a lumbering , wheezy drag 
, witless mess 
proves to be a compelling 
too dry 
his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass 
baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children . 
spend 110 claustrophobic minutes 
the film is all over the place , really . 
part of the film 's cheeky charm 
nonsense 
little more than a mall movie designed to kill time 
do n't really care too much about this love story 
one it follows into melodrama and silliness 
kirkegaard 
erotically 
entertains 
lazier 
is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless 
a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking . 
surprisingly refreshing 
in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot 
like ` praise the lord 
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title 
to direct-to-video irrelevancy 
there 's a lot to recommend read my lips . 
very amusing 
shiner 
will keep coming 
distanced us from the characters . 
in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 
he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today 
the ethos of the chelsea hotel 
miscalculation 
awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 
laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 
's compelling 
the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm 
unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . 
you wrong on both counts 
looks fake 
gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done . 
amusing , sad and reflective 
best inside-show-biz 
ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice 
of the rollicking dark humor so necessary 
turning in some delightful work on indie projects 
it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that . 
opportunity to make absurdist observations 
disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas 
frustrates and captivates 
knows , and very likely is 
a sadistic bike flick 
very capable nailbiter 
it 's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition 
uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year . 
the most depressing movie-going experiences 
makes all the difference . 
a cellophane-pop remake 
stiletto-stomps the life out 
a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough 
how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering 
that shows the promise of digital filmmaking 
using them as punching bags 
cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances 
encouraging effort 
most memorable 
you could hate it for the same reason . 
what makes it worth watching 
i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . 
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions 
, however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 
worthless 
can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . ' 
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , 
become a historically significant work 
original and insightful 
the results are tired 
too bad . 
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; 
bad hair design 
anticipated 
the heat of the moment 
mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis . 
this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend 
drawing wrenching performances 
beaten 
is too amateurishly square 
their own cleverness 
were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned 
`` sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ... 
a direct hit 
very moving and revelatory footnote 
america 's thirst 
is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins 
of demme 's good films 
family fundamentals gets you riled up 
a story that 's shapeless and uninflected 
attracting audiences 
what it 's trying to say and 
viva le resistance 
in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes 
wins still 
what 's with all the shooting 
last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . 
truly larger-than-life character 
not to be dismissed 
by uneven dialogue and plot lapses 
is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst 
unchanged dullard 
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target . 
insipid 
exuberance and passion 
of our most flamboyant female comics 
it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 
has settled for a lugubrious romance 
lost in the translation 
a pretty funny movie 
a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny 
quality band 
naturally charming 
what makes their project so interesting 
good cast 
crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book 
a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- 
is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us 
what 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . 
laughs aplenty 
never succumbs to sensationalism 
created a brilliant motion picture 
at ease sharing the same scene 
a fascinating documentary 
a meatier 
ver wiel 's 
hatosy ... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . 
an american 
important and exhilarating 
great to look at , and funny 
fun 
enough cool fun here 
a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex 
gives the film its lingering tug 
happy 
but film buffs should get to know 
do in this marvelous film 
you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise . 
generic scripts 
thoughtfully written 
stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 
through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams 
pretty damned wonderful 
no amount of imagination , no creature 
dramatic substance 
a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people 
as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care 
so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks 
harsh 
is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults . 
its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action 
a mediocre exercise in target demographics 
disturbing 
bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 
ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful 
appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy 
too stagy 
positive 
of the best inside-show-biz 
any thinking person is bound to appreciate 
this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . 
an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing 
a pair of fascinating performances 
melancholy 
shines like a lonely beacon . 
a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made 
refreshingly realistic 
the film is a fierce dance of destruction . 
some like it 
's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland 
returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin ... have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age . 
a tough pill to swallow and 
, imaginative filmmaking 
love , longing , and 
suitably anonymous chiller 
holds a certain charm 
dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags 
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation . 
is n't always coherent 
ending surprise 
amiable picture 
psychologically savvy 
directed with verve 
sharp movie 
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched . 
a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time 
lacks the spirit of the previous two 
it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters 
a bad movie 
is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation 
should be relegated to a dark video store corner 
you will probably like it . 
fun , with an undeniable energy 
winning piece 
could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . 
affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 
watch the movie 
positive ( if tragic ) 
which never reach satisfying conclusions 
while he talks 
superficiality 
gloriously alive 
iconic hero 
about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex 
neatly and effectively 
i did n't find much fascination in the swinging . 
about the worst thing 
it 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni . 
but , like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin . 
increasingly implausible as it 
's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 
a director to watch 
be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie 
there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 
sorriest 
is frustratingly unconvincing 
bland but harmless . 
's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters . 
could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , 
keep the story subtle and us in suspense 
seems as deflated as he does 
is actually 
emerges as powerful rather than cloying 
's nowhere near as exciting as either 
over-dramatic at times 
, smoky and inviting 
are universal and involving 
journey into a philosophical void 
of crap 
to be a breath of fresh air 
could be so light-hearted ? 
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy 
cheery and tranquil 
the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché . 
a changing world 
colorful 
long overdue 
is plenty of room for editing 
for some major alterations 
impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 
drag 
guilt-suffused melodrama 
its art and heart 
draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing 
this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt . 
crafted but 
this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . 
, villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . 
in this tepid genre offering 
sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer 
you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party . 
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie . 
but it was n't horrible either 
( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) 
terrible events 
were paying dues for good books unread 
uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter 
genial and decent 
a believable mother/daughter pair 
dead production 
most jaded 
found the movie as divided against itself 
fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy . 
is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 
tells us nothing new 
swept away ' 
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful 
moviegoing pleasures 
show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song 
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families 
overexposed 
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling . 
is infectious 
certainly the performances are worthwhile . 
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters 
dismiss -- moody , 
one of the most genuinely sweet films 
you 've ever seen 
good actors , even kingsley 
imaginative and successful 
the troubling thing 
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... 
racist portraits 
it made me feel unclean , and i 'm the guy who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies 
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake . 
required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come 
storytelling feels slight . 
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results . 
into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell 
like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place 
legally blonde and sweet home abomination 
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one . 
scooby-doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 
a smart , funny look 
are enthralling 
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer . 
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- 
a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy 
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series . 
in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience 
ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting 
land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place 
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve . 
bags 
unstoppable superman 
to jimmy 's relentless anger 
star-studded 
is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences 
against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva 
of director abel ferrara 
performances of exceptional honesty 
extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking 
takes your breath 
but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us 
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 
sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning 
( but none of the sheer lust ) 
better described as a ghost story gone badly awry . 
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both 
too easily 
that final , beautiful scene 
that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it 
uniqueness 
cultural and personal self-discovery 
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish 
it 's what makes their project so interesting 
a bumper 
worst titles 
ultimately winning story 
play hannibal lecter 
low-rent -- 
have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 
annoying , heavy-handed 
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film 
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality 
watchable . 
involving than this mess 
fall together without much surprise 
putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . 
the scariest guy you 'll see all summer 
cocktail 
has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 
turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder 
tired one 
more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway 
lazy , 
smart , compelling 
an enormously entertaining movie 
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . 
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well 
an excruciating film 
nothing happens , and 
precious new star wars movie 
an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film 
underdog movie since the bad news bears 
sillier , cuter , 
it 's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously . 
entirely wholesome ) 
into sub-tarantino cuteness 
if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 
funniest 
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . 
the acting ranges from bad to bodacious 
first great film 
, this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . 
a james bond series for kids 
may well be the only one laughing at his own joke 
a success 
engaging , wide-eyed actress 
loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful 
director nancy savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could . 
it 's sort of in-between , and it works . 
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast 
light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout 
proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing . 
absurd lengths 
neighborhood 
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience 
i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 
very enjoyable 
arthur schnitzler 's reigen 
a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin 
through love 
anything but frustrating , boring , and 
a triumph of imagination 
seen through the right eyes 
has made its way into your very bloodstream 
this slick and sprightly cgi feature 
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- 
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage 
forgets to make it entertaining 
she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy 
a worthy entry 
this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes . 
a sun-drenched masterpiece , 
awkward 
well-acted 
buoyant , expressive flow 
most inventive 
looking for a return ticket 
it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre 
pseudo-philosophic twaddle 
are amiable and committed 
; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 
is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean 
perfect performance 
be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees 
disappointed by a movie in a long time 
on some levels 
when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had 
a particularly nightmarish fairytale 
entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment 
a boring man 
café 
with solid performances and eerie atmosphere 
guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 
are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns 
still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . 
lukewarm and 
embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes 
hugely enjoyable in its own right though 
-- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- 
most appealing 
feel absolutely earned 
made up for its rather slow beginning 
an uplifting , near-masterpiece . 
an athlete 
not number 1 
perfectly pitched web 
most virtuous limits 
in a shabby script 
terrific score 
actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 
compelling pre-wwii drama 
especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 
reaches across time and distance 
to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 
idealism 
since freddy got fingered 
lighting that emphasizes every line and sag 
makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 
god help us 
dense , exhilarating documentary 
certainly raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before . 
is a riveting , brisk delight . 
immense imax screen 
absurdly simplistic picture 
whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes . 
funny popcorn 
metaphysical claptrap 
feel better already . 
a first-class road movie that proves you 
more entertaining , too 
was written for no one 
shallow 
little more than routine 
i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting 
an oddly winning portrayal of one 
an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated 
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be . 
something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 
in this case zero . 
a painful lie 
swiftly 
worth telling 
as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy 
surprising in how much they engage and even touch us 
does a disservice 
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game 
funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work 
surrounding us 
that it 's far too sentimental 
loved the look of this film . 
cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . 
plot conceits 
star performances 
suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc 
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study 
is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy . 
some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights 
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender 
an impressive roster of stars and direction 
come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick . 
'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled 
's not trying to laugh at how bad 
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage . 
on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior 
dark to be decipherable 
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining . 
part biography , part entertainment 
is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us 
an absurd finale 
... irritating soul-searching garbage . 
that effortlessly draws you in 
is derivative 
humor and humanity 
hollywood fluff 
` martin lawrence live ' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 
bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 
suffocating and sometimes almost senseless 
that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front 
you must shoot it in the head 
outstanding thrillers 
companionship 
intricate preciseness 
this is downright movie penance 
real psychological grounding 
is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground . 
is smarter and subtler 
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , 
horribly depressing 
could n't stand to hear 
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs 
, sometimes creepy intimacy 
have bitterly forsaken 
the ideal casting 
a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge 
a spectator 
... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ... 
reasonable 
poorly 
tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film 
some of the computer animation is handsome , and 
its gentle , touching story 
infectious enthusiasm 
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie 
crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing . 
have an original bone in his body 
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... 
for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . 
we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing 
squanders its beautiful women 
feels uncomfortably real , 
the movie is amateurish , but 
is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills 
perform 
alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 
old-hat 
in the murk of its own making 
an enjoyable film 
smartest 
can easily be considered career-best performances 
terrific effort 
more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent 
, being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something 
an audience 's 
enchanting ... 
told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 
all its problems 
of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films 
worked so much better dealing in only one reality 
an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre 
the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it 
consistent emotional conviction 
people who like their romances to have that french realism 
it 's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect . 
is your film . 
deliver remarkable performances 
the humor dwindles . 
are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster 
taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit 
tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet 
like a room stacked with pungent flowers 
a weird and wonderful comedy 
tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony 
almost saves the movie . 
patriot 
its elegantly colorful look and 
a tremendous piece of work 
, shapeless documentary 
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom . 
and diesel is n't the actor to save it . 
of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal 
pokemon 4ever 
is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal 
a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' 
'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ... 
a great piece of filmmaking 
a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view 
which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 
this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad 
... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle . 
as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy 
veiling tension 
directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion 
never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding 
being trapped at a bad rock concert 
have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches 
thoroughly engrossing and 
has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star . 
most daring , and 
been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy 
exceedingly dull 
a passing twinkle 
of a brutal mid 
a very charming and funny movie . 
visually dazzling 
run for your lives ! 
their bodies 
yawn-provoking 
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after ( seagal 's ) earlier copycat under siege 
much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay 
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it . 
it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies 
less enjoyable 
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has 
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics 
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly 
the heart-pounding suspense 
comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting . 
it 's easy to love robin tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices . 
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious 
was reading the minds of the audience 
something creepy and vague 
insanely violent 
sparking debate and 
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . 
made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort 
about a horrifying historical event 
feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain . 
though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough 
of the finest 
the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian 
genuine 
you value your time and money 
just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy 
a charming and evoking little ditty 
serves up all of that stuff 
the most unpleasant things 
most daring , 
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly . 
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . 
his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy 
seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 
fantastic ! 
going to love the piano teacher 
might just be the movie you 're looking for . 
complete 
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering 
human power 
land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored . 
the most genuinely sweet films 
's more enjoyable than i expected 
quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film 
shot two years ago 
potentially good comic premise 
the attempt to complicate the story 
torture and 
as the direction is intelligently accomplished 
a witty , low-key romantic comedy 
wastes its time on mood 
for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy 
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning 
are lacking 
fake 
to forget that they are actually movie folk 
refreshing 
smeary and blurry , 
nurtured his metaphors 
give a second look if we passed them on the street 
some real vitality and even art 
convincing way 
of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 
for cryin ' 
the worst films of 2002 
fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 
loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience . 
bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 
the exploitative 
how very bad a motion picture can truly be 
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , 
a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story 
analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down 
invigorating about 
its great credit 
embodies the transformation of his character completely 
the premise itself is just sooooo tired . 
it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 
barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 
that it 's inauthentic at its core 
piercingly affecting 
rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics 
wonderfully 
loud , brash and mainly unfunny 
to his day job 
, frenetic , funny , even punny 6 
worthy of her considerable talents 
marvelous film 
see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside 
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- is authentic . 
surprisingly 
like many of his works 
, four-star movie 
substitutable 
marvelous verdu 
monstrous 
about otherwise dull subjects 
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 
brought to life on the big screen 
worshipful 
intelligent and 
a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies 
passionate 
imax cinema 
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile . 
the big ending surprise 
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness . 
but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently 
perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making 
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered 
refreshingly realistic , 
i 'm likely to see all year 
wild-and-woolly 
into too many pointless situations 
spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . 
were worried 
with remarkable serenity and discipline 
rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film . 
the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him 
by the sketchiest of captions 
typical toback machinations 
sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer 
over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own 
a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence 
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war . 
is definitely horse feathers 
not-so-funny gags , 
gender politics 
shrewd , powerful act 
it 's moving 
sugar-coated rocky 
as two-day old porridge 
is a hilarious place to visit 
of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid 
tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner . 
australia is a weirdly beautiful place 
nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is 
comedy , caper thrills 
long , slow and dreary 
is just lazy 
a powerful and deeply moving example 
forced 
its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who 
is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm . 
, and not strictly in the knowledge imparted 
of my greatest pictures , drunken master 
( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) 
if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor 
noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 
faux-urban 
exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . 
heartwarmingly 
cheapened 
artistes 
yes , soar . 
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works 
have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not 
it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about . 
lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human 
it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . 
brief pretentious period 
achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself 
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , 
, this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . 
most depressing movie-going experiences 
a lighthearted glow , 
repulsive 
, energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested . 
but even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 
to wait for the video 
susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , 
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , 
you get back to your car in the parking lot 
the best and most exciting movies 
impressive and highly entertaining celebration 
original cartoon 
a handful of virtuosic set pieces 
strikingly devious 
music and laughter 
when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned 
painfully unfunny 
, director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc . 
are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it 
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale . 
a showcase 
two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs 
deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride 
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs. woo , it looks like woo 's a p.o.w. 
actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 
with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . 
love , memory 
good actors , good poetry 
show blind date , only less 
, smart , savvy , compelling 
derivative 
an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off 
an ) 
while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected 
would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 
that everlasting conundrum 
vibrant introduction 
had no effect and 
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it 
is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure 
a purpose and a strong pulse 
supremely kittenish 
a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 
its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case 
from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story 
, sometimes funny 
against itself 
shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative 
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one 
breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks 
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film 
is duly impressive in imax dimensions , 
sweet 
its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse 
dullest science fiction 
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . 
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop 
death to smoochy is often very funny , 
's endgame 
, love , duty and friendship 
dusty 
and for many of us , that 's good enough . 
might to resist 
a compelling french psychological drama 
anguished performance 
to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is 
it 's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . 
in memory 
inspires 
it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies 
between passion and pretence 
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead . 
is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him 
of artifice and purpose 
self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 
stay for the credits 
they cheapen the overall effect . 
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale . 
timid parsing 
painful , obnoxious 
feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas . 
great cinema can really do 
family audience 
ballot 
the road 
, period-perfect biopic hammers 
demented 
consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment 
fresh-faced 
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film . 
but seriously , folks , it does n't work . 
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell . 
a backstage must-see 
hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring 
, desiccated talent 
is simply brilliant 
this film that may not always work 
has a sense of his audience 
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments 
sucking 
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst . 
a bad idea 
'll still be glued to the screen 
never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy 
, today , can prevent its tragic waste of life 
the suggested and the unknown 
for a quick-buck sequel 
himself funny 
this thing is virtually unwatchable . 
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material . 
is anything but languorous 
the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 
good-natured fun found in films like tremors 
matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus 
rambles 
the great minds of our times 
deepest tragedies 
through this film 
so primitive in technique 
a good one 
have the patience for it 
a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale 
its underventilated père-fils confrontations 
frightening late fees 
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates . 
particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents 
that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek 
abundant humanism 
undercuts its charm 
added disdain 
tug at your heart in ways 
lavish formalism 
genuine rather than pandering 
a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances 
is far more appealing 
often funny way 
unusual biopic and document 
it looks good , sonny , 
where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy 
the action and special effects 
proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing 
a fun 
the best little `` horror '' movie 
flagrantly 
that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees 
as powerful rather than cloying 
come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem . 
better at fingering problems than finding solutions 
bottom-feeder sequel 
breathtakingly spectacular 
in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 
have a radar for juicy roles 
blah 
a playful iranian parable 
fully endear itself to american art house audiences 
summer blockbuster 
a manically generous christmas 
fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film . 
comedy 
it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story 
never quite ignites . 
most compelling performance 
and surehanded direction 
the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake . 
, the effect comes off as self-parody . 
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . 
laugh riot 
clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long 
but darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats . 
of the really bad blair witch project 
of bland hollywood romance 
to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 
pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart 
( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there 's something vital about the movie . 
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast . 
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters . 
not one clever line of dialogue 
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness . 
it 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 
the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction 
the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes 
the nightmare 
it 's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be . 
must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks 
some cute moments 
a bonus 
indignation 
's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies 
although purportedly a study in modern alienation 
more fun watching a documentary 
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks . 
lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable 
look like a masterpiece 
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence 
honored screen veteran 
will thrill you , touch you and make you 
a film that comes along every day . 
american sports 
once called ` the gift of tears 
clean and 
all menace and atmosphere 
when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns 
superb 
the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker . 
bold by studio standards 
no wit 
are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting 
quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor . 
nails hard 
excels 
`` abandon '' 
forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking 
an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 
leon 
enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games . 
this dream hispanic role 
you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident . 
desperation 
... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself . 
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness 
mind crappy movies as much 
should strike a nerve in many 
much to recommend the film 
intermittently good time 
entertaining itself 
this summer that do not involve a dentist drill 
is one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 
although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense . 
generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 
that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 
something different 
his characters are acting horribly 
most jaded cinema audiences 
shock and amaze 
should share screenwriting credit 
schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie 
who are nearly impossible to care about 
is little else to recommend `` never again 
it ca n't be dismissed as mindless 
marvelously twisted shapes history 
energy and innovation 
fiction 
an astoundingly rich film 
subconscious 
it pushes its agenda too forcefully 
the problematic characters 
likable story 
unattractive or odorous 
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s . 
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters . 
penetrating , impenetrable 
vibrant , colorful , semimusical 
its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome 
the humor and humanity 
the movie rising above similar fare 
the violence 
's splash without the jokes 
'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state 
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait . 
is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand . 
of elephant feces 
opposed to the manifesto 
hard for me 
seen this exact same movie a hundred times 
beautifully shot , but 
in a way that verges on the amateurish 
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . 
feels like three hours 
a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same 
to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 
so watchable 
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness 
septic 
enjoyable ease 
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy . 
the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing . 
gaudy hawaiian shirt 
an epiphany 
enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story 
comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising . 
creating an intriguing species of artifice 
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street 
addition to scoring high for originality of plot 
could be so flabby 
that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster 
spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 
a high-minded snoozer . 
it is more likely to induce sleep than fright . 
hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances 
the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight . 
it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy 
undercut by the voice of the star of road trip 
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point 
smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction 
a funny yet dark and seedy clash 
that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel 
change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 
recreation to resonate 
an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist 
heavy-handed 
imaginary 
is so fascinating that you wo n't care . 
would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows 
this gentle comedy 
empty head 
its floating narrative 
abandoned , but 
some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time 
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love 
it familiar and insufficiently cathartic 
help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . 
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it . 
see it for his performance if nothing else . 
that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics 
the script is smart , not cloying . 
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches 
thoroughly overbearing 
has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense 
two hours better watching 
about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller 
, it 's exploitive without being insightful . 
the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor 
beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates . 
color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at 
improbable as this premise may seem , abbass 's understated 
and a terrible story 
a better satiric target 
the choices 
that the movie has no idea of it is serious 
it all plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out . 
( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality 
brutally labored and unfunny 
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly . 
warped 
this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . 
its tragic waste 
a nice change 
touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport 
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess . 
a nonstop hoot 
that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ... 
threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans 
that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 
holocaust escape story 
how much he runs around and acts like a doofus 
predictable denouement 
is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau 
, all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 
of strong voices 
misogynist 
you leaving the theater with a smile on your face 
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy . 
's a lot of tooth in roger dodger 
unsuccessful 
uproarious humor 
a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion 
to consider the looseness of the piece 
for blade ii 
too predictably 
proves you wrong on both counts 
ideas and special-interest groups 
succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad . 
of its sense of fun or energy 
ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city . 
the astonishingly pivotal role 
inexplicable nightmare 
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales . 
does not work . 
entertaining feature 
's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style . 
these characters love each other 
ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film 
did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side 
rare directors 
balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . 
deadpan tone 
a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) 
huge action sequence 
what 's missing in murder by numbers 
mind-numbingly awful 
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning 
a return ticket 
schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does . 
sentimental chick-flicks 
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly 
compassion , good-natured humor 
the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound 
a potentially good comic premise 
writer and director burr steers knows the territory 
gives human nature its unique feel 
is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things 
, salvation and good intentions 
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and 
enveloping sounds 
fresh and absorbing look 
glass 's dirgelike score 
is dudsville . 
pummel us 
comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy 
with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas 
pipe dream does have its charms . 
merely very bad 
pacing and lack 
cautions 
though flawed 
the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers 
surprise family 
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry . 
it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today . 
compassion , sacrifice , 
it might not be 1970s animation , 
gives her best 
faith , love and power 
delicious and 
solidly 
snail-like pacing 
the film is never dull 
cheesy commercialism 
of pure craft and passionate heart 
remarkable 
rich and intelligent film 
through the gloomy film noir veil 
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , 
shooting blanks 
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding 
unambitious 
rush 
, this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 
in treading the line between sappy and sanguine 
looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships 
barbershop so likable 
the genius of the work 
have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue 
of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster 
most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise 
can go home again 
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ? 
's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making . 
the modern master 
a haunting sense of malaise 
honest and 
be an honest and loving one 
begins to fade from memory 
of other , better movies 
boisterous , heartfelt comedy . 
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . 
to be released in imax format 
must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees 
spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics 
a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded 
mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant 
may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces 
pokémon 4ever 
earnest emotional core 
strong and confident 
is n't exactly endearing 
among the studio 's animated classics 
joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to 
veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements 
's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout 
director peter kosminsky 
to suspense thriller 
pointless extremes 
no big whoop , nothing new to see , 
flat champagne 
into a fascinating part of theater history 
big stars and 
every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length 
, what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ? 
steers clear of the sensational and 
his control 
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or 
even if you 've never heard of chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen . 
you wish you had n't seen 
most frightening 
means a great movie 
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . '' 
's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s 
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy 
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so 
a surprisingly juvenile lark , 
force you to scratch a hole in your head 
little cleavage 
lets things peter out midway 
a magnetic performance 
a tragic dimension 
chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead 
find love 
for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 
compelling new material 
enlivens 
life 's harshness 
an action hero with table manners , 
the following things are not at all entertaining 
that will enthrall the whole family 
that the theme does n't drag an audience down 
the worst kind of hubristic folly 
a just a waste 
, treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 
makes the movie special 
it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special . 
fourth-rate 
and rough-hewn vanity project 
was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon 
by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing 
to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you 
funny , moving yarn 
` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . 
the national lampoon film franchise , 
the belly laughs 
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time 
three hours and with very little story or character 
warmth and gentle 
see it . 
in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment 
there 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . 
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) 
inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening . 
spellbinding serpent 's 
of middle eastern world politics 
tonally uneven 
offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . 
you 've figured out late marriage 
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 
witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful . 
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice 
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point . 
bother watching past the second commercial break 
should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only 
the sensational true-crime 
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish 
has never looked uglier 
hideously and clumsily 
squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had 
why ? 
ill-advised 
so low in a poorly 
may be more genial than ingenious , but 
obscenity is at hand 
enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess 
a surprising winner 
's awfully entertaining to watch 
' should never have been brought out of hibernation 
`` project greenlight '' winner 
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy 
a-list 
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood . 
masterfully calibrated 
seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece 
a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre 
arduous journey 
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made . 
unlikable characters and 
want to pack raw dough in my ears 
educational ! 
become annoying and artificial 
the pleasure 
to the dustbin of history 
a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery 
dies . 
farts , urine , feces , semen 
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre . 
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded . 
easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters 
a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness 
, but far more witty 
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy 
things so nice 
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- 
of the acting breed 
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and 
by letting you share her one-room world for a while 
to be mildly amusing 
overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration 
joys 
sundance festival 
the smug self-satisfaction 
the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light 
, this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises . 
reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death 
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud 
much panache 
relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . 
mindless pace in collision 
in this romantic comedy 
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all 
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk 
elephant feces 
thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes 
're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 
sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 
meditative and 
bludgeoning the audience 
good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short 
-- even more damning -- 
of a genre gem 
is a brilliant movie . 
be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title 
the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with . 
like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story 
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate . 
smart and taut 
the cold 
always looks good 
is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd 
a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ... 
searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say 
, he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable 
a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili . 
a great and a terrible story 
love liza 's 
all in all , a great party . 
, the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way . 
is his best film yet ... 
salient points 
it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights 
dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 
trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults 
rip-roaring comedy action 
delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy 
amounts to surprisingly little 
a welcome and heartwarming addition 
clean-cut dahmer 
that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed 
full of surprises . 
being simpleminded 
calm and thoughtful 
blessed 
are paper thin 
beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing . 
have recharged him 
that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem 
this painfully forced , false and fabricated 
that it 's hard not to be carried away 
gaining most of its unsettling force 
offers winning performances and some effecting moments . 
unholy hokum 
stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim 
old-fashioned values 
soap opera that tornatore was right to cut 
a number of holes 
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker 
of war 
idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise 
solid job 
the tooth and claw of human power 
with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 
... the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught . 
odd and 
plain old blarney 
dream of 
be quirky and funny 
a welcome improvement 
of dreamlike ecstasy 
all the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition . 
doze off thirty minutes 
minimal appreciation 
perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . 
i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up 
is a big , juicy role 
( allen ) manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise . 
ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period 
more appealing holiday-season product 
heedless 
cutesy reliance 
trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable 
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and 
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) 
in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius . 
about guys and dolls 
its promising cast 
retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing 
are certainly 
its best , 
comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women 
pompous references 
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and 
hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being . 
a long shot 
a serious minded patience , respect and affection 
any rock pile will do for a set . 
a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop 
you 'll cry for your money back . 
i have a new favorite musical -- 
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , 
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin . 
as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace 
are every bit as distinctive as his visuals 
preposterous 
witty and sophisticated 
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly . 
, racist humor 
menacing atmosphere 
this unique and entertaining twist 
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles . 
weave a protective cocoon around his own ego 
by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate 
is slightly less successful than the first 
call the film ` refreshing 
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this 
grenade 
does dickens as it should be done cinematically 
can be fruitful : ` in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself 
, the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey 
entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated 
are so overstated 
a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 
, eastwood is off his game 
( grant ) goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it . 
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient 
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , 
from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor 
that should be thrown back in the river 
ever-growing category 
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and 
confident 
surprisingly powerful and universal . 
is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be . 
the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece 
perfected 
is amazing , yes 
is terrific as rachel 
but it 's just too too much 
is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical 
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and 
is never especially clever and 
it 's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . 
but still quite tasty and inviting all the same 
that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country 
new , or inventive , journey 
photographed and beautifully 
may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day . 
soulful gravity 
colors the picture in some evocative shades 
looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script 
because there 's no rooting interest 
, maudlin and cliche-ridden 
full of privileged moments and memorable performances 
powerful and deeply moving example 
the value and respect for the term epic cinema 
unforced naturalism 
a legendary professor 
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief 
the movie makes two hours feel like four . 
the fat 
an obvious rapport with her actors and 
arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact . 
exercise in formula crash-and-bash action 
felt trapped and with no obvious escape 
, sets the tone for a summer of good stuff 
rates as an exceptional thriller 
first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan 
of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival 
that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone 
offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid 
excellent use of music 
beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork 
this amiable picture 
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it . 
every bad action-movie line in history 
good yarn-spinner 
give us real situations and characters 
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs 
it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth . 
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script . 
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring . 
is a relationship that is worthy of our respect 
pungent 
poetic force and buoyant feeling 
a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood 
designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 
stands as one of the great films about movie love . 
to go down with a ship as leaky as this 
difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish 
, i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . 
inhuman cinematic punishment 
, it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie 
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time 
of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks 
superb performers 
it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . 
not infrequently breathtaking 
whose achievements -- and complexities -- 
faithful to melville 's plotline 
is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . 
attracting audiences to unfaithful 
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute . 
be a bit of a cheat in the end 
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave . 
if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too 
despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema 
's also disappointing to a certain degree . 
could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ? 
encompassing 
, then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years . 
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century 
the rich performances by friel 
leaden 
this is n't a movie ; 
but a very handsomely produced let-down 
manages to bring something new into the mix 
that 's what i liked about it 
puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula . 
an interesting movie 
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but 
the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges . 
imponderably stilted and 
no chemistry or engaging charisma 
be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general 
is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone 
is superficial and 
should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... 
little grace ( rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity 
rich and 
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer 
who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 
the symbols 
by humanity 's greatest shame 
treating female follies 
may not be particularly innovative 
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman 
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lost its edge 
's as good as you remember 
gorgeously atmospheric meditation 
to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 
wooden dialogue 
has really found his groove these days 
witless and utterly pointless 
repellantly out of control 
in a stunning fusion of music and images 
... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll . 
real americans 
starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel 
's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled 
who seem barely in the same movie 
clueless does south fork 
love song 
their way around this movie directionless , 
diva 
proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies 
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . 
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades 
... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller . 
tolerate leon barlow 
littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups 
brings the proper conviction 
do n't notice the 129-minute running time 
is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph 
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination . 
this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion . 
... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing . 
despair and 
but they 're simply not funny performers 
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , 
a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this 
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences 
that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace 
is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening 
the superficial way it deals with its story 
overwhelmed by its lack of purpose 
too clichéd and 
that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category 
are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations 
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole . 
a genre gem 
may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations 
meager weight 
a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 
the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making 
is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale . 
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and 
with verve 
you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater 
does n't give you enough to feel good about . 
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer 
itself is actually quite vapid . 
mixed messages , 
us nothing new 
is awful . 
a fairly slow paced 
are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front . 
graceless , hackneyed 
a clear sense of purpose 
being a good documentarian 
in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 
are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one 
harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . 
must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . 
what 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children . 
does such a good job of it 
feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time . 
, twisted sort 
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . 
will be something to behold 
treat 
the story is lacking any real emotional impact 
a lame comedy . 
negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship 
showtime deserves the hook . 
trying to get out 
car-wreck 
galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie 
assault 
an inspired portrait 
'd rather watch them on the animal planet . 
'' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . 
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer . 
lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food 
makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison 
hoped i would -- with moist eyes 
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general 
rolling your eyes in the dark 
four hankies 
, it does so without compromising that complexity . 
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed . 
-- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- 
dramatized pbs program 
, i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one . 
pitch-perfect holden 
is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 
the tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time 
reluctant 
like the guys 
sensitive , cultivated treatment 
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes . 
deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . 
intriguing and stylish . 
ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 
extremely talented musicians 
chilling 
shout insults at the screen 
mixes in as much humor as pathos 
while it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own . 
realism , crisp storytelling and 
hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild 
's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 
a tribute to the power of women to heal 
of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making 
multi-layered and profoundly 
far more meaningful 
like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's . 
did n't smile 
not a strike 
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before . 
much imagination 
that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest 
back with the astonishing revelation 
'd probably turn it off , 
deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context 
have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand 
earnest performances 
a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz 
characters who are nearly impossible to care about 
offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse 
though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 
only scratches the surface 
that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , 
true emotional connection or identification frustratingly 
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar . 
a pleasant piece 
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode 
that actually has something interesting to say 
a sickening thud 
, then the film is a pleasant enough dish . 
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . 
must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees . 
deeply appealing 
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions . 
great writer 
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma . 
the consequences 
the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say 
is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew 
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music 
win 
that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable 
good-hearted 
got it right the first time 
a great idea 
a wonderful subject for the camera 
deeply and rightly 
the rarest kinds 
heavy stench 
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation 
would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ? 
the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 
of the problems with the film 
a celebration 
confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually 
that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge 
uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . 
like crap 
the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism 
the smarter offerings 
it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies 
undone by a sloppy script 
the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear 
they 're clueless and inept 
in the wrong hands , i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable 
's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance 
beautiful work 
of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists 
a pleasant enough dish 
as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort . 
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase 
amazement 
moved by this drama 
got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out 
disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 
jeffrey tambor 's 
, the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining 
every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless . 
an impressive achievement 
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , 
give-me-an-oscar 
from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche 
lynch , jeunet , and von trier 
about hatred 
gone badly awry 
free 
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it , the project should have been made for the tube . 
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- 
's a love story as sanguine as its title 
have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow 
crematorium 
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled 
this is a big , juicy role 
who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little 
emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort 
, despite many talky , slow scenes 
a heartening tale of small victories 
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car . 
seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain 
static set ups , not much camera movement , 
to care about the character 
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but 
its mean-spirited second half 
semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act 
( has ) an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true . 
is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities 
a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults 
reworks 
impressed 
and even touching 
, deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . 
content 
meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . 
with a company of strictly a-list players 
probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment 
the best irish sense 
than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending 
palpable 
you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz . 
a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona 
clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own 
than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating 
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey 
if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours 
put you to sleep 
they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort 
soon-to-be-forgettable 
more grueling and time-consuming 
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors 
most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 
are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces 
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie 
a film of quiet power 
recommend read my lips 
more busy than exciting 
the film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen . 
a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york 
all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons 
engaging and intimate first feature 
is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes 
, not scarier 
chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack . 
bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 
cheap shocks 
those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today 
humorless 
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and 
pleasure 
casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 
done his homework 
its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference 
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be . 
shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting . 
not scary , not smart and not engaging 
, all credibility flies out the window . 
with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza 
dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction 
drama , 
is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . 
is dreary and sluggish 
is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure 
most daring 
... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot . 
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand 
cutes 
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath 's version of ` nicholas nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . 
falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries 
is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time 
nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose 
of technical skill and rare depth 
refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm 
low-budget constraints 
sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach 
ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking 
's gone to manhattan and hell 
too long to shake 
returns the martial arts master to top form 
more successful 
the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it . 
misconstrued 
through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special 
like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless 
right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner 
deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill 
instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair 
of cuban leader fidel castro 
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups 
this movie makes one thing perfectly clear 
grittily beautiful film 
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama 
baaaaaaaaad 
take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche 
the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot 
i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . 
the astute direction 
( city ) reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year . 
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , 
, payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 
energetic , extreme-sports adventure 
offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games 
great performances 
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , 
, when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 
a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship 
and crudely literal 
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . 
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart . 
are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds . 
in the very top rank of french filmmakers 
is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness 
a twist 
were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities 
of an underdone potato 
's an excellent 90-minute film 
a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode 
an observant , unfussily poetic meditation 
seems to be coasting . 
unrewarding collar 
a well-deserved reputation as one 
, longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context . 
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go . 
served 
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action 
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse 
not quite 
the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way , 
, lacks fellowship 's heart 
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance 
the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny 
to keep this from being a complete waste of time 
coffee 
good sense 
ravishing , baroque beauty 
masterpiece . 
ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches 
but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . 
suffered through the horrible pains of a death 
to love the piano teacher 
unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 
works as well as it does because of the performances 
the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season 
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie 
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced . 
perfunctory conclusion 
his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it 
perfectly rendered 
went back 
yourself praying for a quick resolution 
the movie is amateurish , 
remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating 
's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance . 
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; 
tabloid 
in the pianist 
extraordinarily rich 
let the subtitles fool you 
loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion 
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three . 
exaggerated action 
to make up for the ones that do n't come off 
is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 
squanders chan 's uniqueness 
is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death . 
no bearing on the story 
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride . 
skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional 
enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games 
savory 
some worthwhile themes 
falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries . 
such a lousy way 
painfully slow cliche-ridden film 
in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 
at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances 
a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening 
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture . 
been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle 
trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness 
scripted 
shamelessly manipulative 
... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind . 
smack of a film school undergrad 
, i hate myself most mornings . 
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way 
does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes 
friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia 
easy to love robin tunney 
fill the after-school slot 
to like 
in this forgettable effort 
eight legged freaks ? 
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race 
a nicely 
disappoint the action 
slack execution 
the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication 
sweetly conspiratorial 
the silliness 
cheap junk 
sometimes a chuckle 
devolves 
of the jokes , most at women 's expense 
is a disaster . 
wondrous 
to convince us that acting transfigures esther 
a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking 
... belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . 
disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep 
from largely flat and uncreative moments 
are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy 
lacks the inspiration of the original 
overweight and out 
does somehow manage to get you under its spell 
is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke 
the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes . 
the scripters do n't deserve any oscars 
the delicate forcefulness 
meyjes ' provocative film 
appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one 
reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking 
she 's not funny 
animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool 
that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated 
put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 
hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny 
relative 
its awkward structure and 
all too familiar 
has something fascinating to do 
seeing himself in the other , 
does cathartic truth telling 
's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived 
it succeeds . 
has plenty of laughs . 
is attractive . 
babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy 
gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving 
about a domestic unit finding their way to joy 
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension . 
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short 
a powerful , naturally dramatic piece 
memorable and resourceful 
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances 
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation 
a cliché left unsaid 
lunacy 
good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad 
be underestimated 
wretchedly 
seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release 
a stylish cast 
, brilliant and macabre 
suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 
scores a direct hit . 
uncommonly ambitious 
had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies . 
dumb fart 
the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 
's quite an achievement 
ugly , revolting movie 
dense , exhilarating documentary . 
it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american . 
an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters 
delicate ambiguity 
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag 
are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces . 
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film 
cynicism 
's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second 
terrific computer graphics 
a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet 
... the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` never again . '' 
surprisingly insightful 
go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories 
soderbergh 's best films , 
haphazard theatrical release 
cold , nervy and memorable 
recommend secretary , 
male hip hop fantasy 
responsible for this illuminating comedy 
about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be . 
's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing 
same old story 
beautiful than either of those films 
goals 
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces 
even the corniest and most hackneyed 
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , 
sordid of human behavior on the screen 
are beautiful 
inept , tedious 
puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it 
simple , poignant and leavened 
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes . 
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography 
literate 
charitable 
with a cause 
their own immaturity 
tens of thousands of german jewish refugees 
with an assurance worthy of international acclaim 
the only reason 
after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series 
've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie 
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , 
vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of . 
for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence . 
in a standard plot 
a more ambitious movie 
personable , amusing 
a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 
all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time 
... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music . 
overtly silly 
it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle 
like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids 
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm 
it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 
will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories 
see her esther blossom as an actress , 
is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin . 
great film noir 
what makes barbershop so likable 
such high-profile talent serve such literate material 
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand 
be clever , amusing and unpredictable 
to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line 
exceedingly pleasant 
proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes . 
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves 
is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts 
feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way . 
incisive and 
's tremendously moving 
with an elegance and maturity 
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but 
heartfelt romance 
deep or 
nice little story 
this dreck 
will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination . 
enjoyable undercover brother 
of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in 
regards reign of fire with awe . 
piercing intellect 
manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . 
self-flagellation 
bug-eye theater and dead-eye 
its love 
through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh 
become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair 
realistic characters 
no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer 
an acidic all-male all about eve 
walk away 
full of cheesy dialogue , 
some clever scripting solutions 
dreams , 
like a cold old man going through the motions 
wanted to leave 
exceptional lead performances 
it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events . 
guilt-free 
store for unwary viewers 
was immensely enjoyable 
niro performance 
it sucked . 
may fall fast asleep 
rant 
made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones 
emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment 
, as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , 
has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net 
is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be . 
deeply humanistic artist 
an interesting slice of history 
the free-wheeling noir spirit 
falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy 
walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions -- 
a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking 
is enormously good fun . 
questionable satirical ambivalence 
the q in quirky 
alert , if not 
is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge 
that leaves you wanting more 
a divine monument 
a bunch of talented thesps slumming it 
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure 
, he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . 
in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears 
the unfulfilling 
's already been too many of these films ... 
kind of an authentic feel 
strays past the two and a half mark 
the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating 
heartening 
same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it 
this schlocky horror/action hybrid 
captivates 
uniformly good 
one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen 
can get your money back 
elegant , mannered and teasing . 
of story and his juvenile camera movements 
slapdash mess 
to make of this italian freakshow 
fully engaged supporting cast 
greasy little vidgame pit 
hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay 
leave this loser 
of heart and unsettling subject matter 
first and foremost ... the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . 
of carnage 
been a confusing and horrifying vision 
a perfectly rendered period piece 
's too long and unfocused . 
enormously entertaining movie 
, labute continues to improve . 
its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful 
's also nice to see a movie with its heart 
a lot smarter than your average bond . 
neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap 
tired stereotypes 
is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same . 
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people . 
this fascinating experiment 
find much fascination 
on both suspense and payoff 
is to substitute plot for personality . 
ultimately , `` mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless . 
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) . 
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive . 
over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while 
its clever concept 
crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and 
like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . 
the hallucinatory drug culture 
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually 
like time fillers between surf shots 
the dialogue frequently misses the mark 
, possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 
shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling 
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth 
joyful solo performance 
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . . 
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition 
too full 
pure misogynist evil 
smile 
choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic 
a hack script 
the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining 
sabotaged by pomposity 
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them . 
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence 
is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt 
gaps in their relationships 
is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal . 
definitive , if disingenuous , feature 
bratty 
is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible 
ditsy 
ai n't art , by a long shot 
lost 
superficial treatment 
the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit 
topple 
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing . 
's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before 
could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay 
... a pretentious mess ... 
wes craven 's presence is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . ' 
i 'll go out on a limb . 
joy and pride 
to mention absolutely refreshed 
even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached . 
its compelling mix 
lyrical and celebratory 
have finally aged past his prime ... and , 
that he forgets to make it entertaining 
demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself 
, fine music never heard 
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . 
self-hatred instilled 
its many excesses 
the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner 
, the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 
, circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . 
a class with that of wilde 
candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take 
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . 
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama 
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , 
is good , 
lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features 
let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best 
conceivable mistake 
be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ? 
a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team 
, it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points . 
very well-meaning 
, promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script . 
good fight 
the beat of a different drum 
rodrigues 's 
of a film that does n't know what it wants to be 
is a wish a studio 's wallet makes 
careless and unfocused 
's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through 
has no real point 
welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor 
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease . 
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor . 
the finish line 
thoughtful , subjective filmmaking 
, dopey old 
impeccable comic timing 
sitting open too long 
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring . 
extraordinary 
a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . 
how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time 
a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama 
his prime 
added clout to this doc 
a compelling and horrifying story 
funniest person 
i laughed throughout the movie 
seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material 
, assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others 
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- 
imponderably stilted 
horribly depressing and 
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . 
a collective heart attack 
gentle , mesmerizing 
as moronic as some campus 
the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . 
it does n't take itself so deadly seriously 
oddly sweet 
pale successor 
comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation 
of the amazing spider-man 
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie 
estranged gay and lesbian children 
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp . 
crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude 
ruins every single scene he 's in 
by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers 
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , 
it 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty . 
to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment 
one of the most highly-praised disappointments i 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time . 
troubling and 
it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity 
high-adrenaline documentary . 
attractive throughout 
simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film . 
a good vampire tale 
other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor 
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama 
blind , crippled , amish people 
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown . 
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack 
energy , intelligence and verve 
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance 
mawkish dialogue 
large rewards 
there 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . 
with a sharp script and strong performances 
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before . 
lethargically 
the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus 
most splendid 
a perfect family film 
is simple but absorbing 
curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading 
phenomenal performances 
as good 
ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 
was n't one of the film 's virtues 
does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . 
thud 
a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn 
are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination 
never takes hold . 
's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with 
troubling 
familiar but enjoyable 
there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid 
set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock . 
none-too-funny 
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough 
of shakespeare 's better known tragedies 
from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances 
shameful 
feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . 
ultimately flawed 
find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her 
's sweet . 
far tamer 
been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand 
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression . 
is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . 
( an ) absorbing documentary . 
10-course banquet 
an uneasy mix 
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile 
something purer 
displays impeccable comic skill 
even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his 
mediocre 
with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight 
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible 
between dumb fun and just plain dumb 
chance to find love in the most unlikely place 
french malapropisms 
heartfelt and achingly real 
from squirming in their seats 
intriguing twist 
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work . 
the fantastic and 
taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving 
a bad way 
is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family . 
filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible 
an epic of astonishing grandeur 
following your dream 
is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . 
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , 
sets out to entertain 
many of the things that made the first one charming 
check your pulse . 
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority . 
in the dullest kiddie flicks 
summer fluff 
stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere 
full of the kind of energy it 's documenting 
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance 
actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 
killer soundtrack 
may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar 
a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story . 
uniquely itself 
most opaque , self-indulgent and 
clichéd and shallow 
a lovably 
, you know there 's something there . 
and often-funny drama 
is so convincing 
encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed . 
surprisingly touching 
my indignant , preemptive departure 
endearing and easy 
are no special effects , and no hollywood endings . 
a poetic 
are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life 
a more measured or polished production 
hanna-barbera charm 
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive . 
powerhouse 
be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace 
technically proficient and 
this film should not be missed . 
's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy . 
does no justice 
retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought 
a bargain-basement european pickup 
suspense on different levels 
a glorified sitcom , and 
sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue 
something awfully deadly 
jump-in-your-seat moment 
stupid , 
in 1958 brooklyn 
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 
halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles . 
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) 
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , 
powerful young actor 
for once 
as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you 
is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music . 
famuyiwa 's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer . 
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness . 
has really found his groove these days . 
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye . 
that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief 
will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 
unconditional 
going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 
contemplation 
overstays 
dips key moments 
thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 
or , worse yet , nonexistent -- 
damaged-goods people 
the messiness 
ignore the reputation , and ignore the film 
that 's where this film should have remained 
funny stuff 
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein 
so many bad romances out there 
the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation . 
seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk 
to be oblivious to the existence of this film 
in all its director 's cut glory 
funny ( sometimes hilarious ) 
wonderfully sprawling 
some comic sparks 
fun adventure movie 
sufficiently 
employs to authenticate her british persona 
this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm . 
to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish 
can render it anything but laughable 
a greater attention 
a low-key , organic way 
glum 
come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together 
are an absolute joy . 
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and 
the big summer movies 
manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability 
be profane , 
that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling 
only unsatisfactorily 
their own comfortable niche 
presented with universal appeal 
a thriller 
that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension 
preserving 
garish showcase 
too dark to be decipherable 
that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory 
enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining 
any shoddy product 
emphatic 
what once was conviction 
williams absolutely nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness . 
gorgeously strange movie 
directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion . 
hoary dialogue , 
is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective . 
does n't add up to much 
's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 
for the kids 
tongue-in-cheek 
elaborate special effects 
that 's good 
work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative 
stunningly unoriginal 
the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture . 
an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit 
gross-out flicks , college flicks , or 
direct hit 
the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs . 
stay away . 
mike white 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor 
this humbling little film , 
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story 
samuel l. jackson 
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you . 
terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid 
in its chicken heart 
, er , bubbly 
succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them . 
in good fun 
that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama 
offering fine acting moments 
provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect 
given a part worthy of her considerable talents 
flabby 
an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships 
bludgeoning the audience over the head 
so devoid 
mind-bender . 
the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing 
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender 
on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls 
but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ... 
is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line 
's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 
grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 
as disney 's 1937 breakthrough 
dislikable study in sociopathy . 
there 's nothing very attractive about this movie 
astronomically bad 
does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution 
rare combination 
portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... 
, no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet . 
funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful 
expressive power 
will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo 
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 
are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all 
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well . 
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other 
the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor . 
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , 
... post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves . 
odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic 
downright comically evil 
of hopeful 
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , 
solemn insights 
a dentist 's waiting room 
human nature should be ingratiating 
avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up 
it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals 
mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic 
compassion , 
kidman has become one of our best actors 
with the precision of the insurance actuary 
spent elsewhere 
creative 
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life . 
entertainment that parents love to have their kids 
wonder of wonders 
... while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks . 
all seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk . 
deft and subtle 
starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points . 
full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s 
flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . 
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers 
if disingenuous , 
sparkling 
of an alternative lifestyle 
an otherwise excellent film 
the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop 
your interest until the end and 
smart and 
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . ' 
will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again 
with superb performances throughout 
odd and weird 
unholy hokum . 
can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars 
in as flat 
her confidence in her material 
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , 
the week blown up for the big screen 
for laughs 
delusions to escape their maudlin influence . 
has n't been worth caring about 
is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture 
gets tiresome 
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , 
potential 
a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 
assured , vital and well wrought 
into an inhalant blackout 
happy ending 
bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time 
heart-pounding suspense 
carlos 
from its unsettling prognosis 
tired old 
really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes 
the credit for the film 's winning tone 
, and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , 
the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 
rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout . 
, the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 
it ends up being surprisingly dull 
purr 
a slick , 
is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear 
a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention 
, you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 
is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . 
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic . 
to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 
of the little mermaid and aladdin 
the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining 
up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched 
combines two surefire , beloved genres 
disagreeable 
without a map 
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment 
of intelligence or invention 
this date-night diversion 
so well 
into a deadly bore 
steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often 
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets 
the german occupation 
from this unimaginative comedian 
... feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something . 
coming-of-age comedy . 
too many scenes toward the end 
acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses 
the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay 
bracingly nasty 
seem weird and distanced 
star charisma 
ultimately cowardly 
most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home . 
powerful , chilling , and affecting study 
directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing 
through with originality , humor and pathos 
steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty 
running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 
will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice 
balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams 
one of the very best movies 
that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 
is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through . 
repetitive 
's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary 
of pure movie 
's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence . 
formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 
hindered 
created a masterful work of art of their own 
richly detailed , deftly executed 
a cinematic disaster 
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit 
strong finish 
would do better elsewhere . 
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and 
to keep the film entertaining 
that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as 
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it 
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising 
have no idea what in creation is going on 
is dark , brooding and slow , and 
, shrewd , powerful act 
lifting the pedestal higher 
an exhilarating new interpretation 
deception 
dreamed up 
a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting 
to be taken seriously 
offbeat humor 
a brutal and funny 
from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up 
to tiresome jargon 
the simpering soundtrack 
explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence 
farce 
expresses our most basic emotions 
may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 . 
highly pleasurable 
tacky and reprehensible 
to drown yourself in a lake afterwards 
take heart 
rediscovers his passion in life 
seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 
who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop 
gripping and 
a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community . 
be as bored watching morvern callar 
satisfying entertainment 
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity . 
's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels 
too many films 
and narrative flow 
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery . 
while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy . 
is like reading a research paper 
overflowing septic tank 
would be a total washout 
peerlessly 
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . 
picture that does not move 
is clearly a good thing 
right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 
too clichéd and too often strains 
deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . 
a few good laughs 
spontaneous 
acting horribly 
a remarkably alluring film 
equally impressive 
a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and 
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement 
about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh 
in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison 
guilt 
has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making 
great monster movie 
it finds a nice rhythm . 
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it . 
by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion 
is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems 
final , beautiful scene 
, with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived 
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , 
of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them 
is well crafted , and well executed 
cool 
ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 
is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness 
could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 
surrounding us with hyper-artificiality 
shamelessly enjoyed it 
one of the most original american productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . 
the perfect star vehicle for grant 
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that 
the survivors 
that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself 
's uninteresting 
unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises . 
solid ' 
revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 
a small gem from belgium . 
sophisticated in the worst way 
morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick . 
maybe leblanc thought , `` hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . '' 
cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release 
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . 
started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession 
of a certain ambition 
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , 
delectable 
temperamental child 
bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . 
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing 
this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end 
with leonine power 
a fine , understated piece of filmmaking 
a quaint , 
swooning melodrama 
is one of the year 's best films 
clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . 
right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination 
a lump of play-doh 
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul 
the lazy material and 
australian actor/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation . 
the film 's hero is a bore and 
are too crude to serve the work especially well 
had a sense of humor 
an unchanged dullard 
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some . 
vivid , convincing performances 
most admirable quality 
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . 
filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible . 
rare documentary 
littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed 
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand 
is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is 
astonishingly 
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better . 
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : 
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable . 
to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography 
of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker 
a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt 
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and 
's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés 
a twisted sense of humor 
cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) 
rehashes to feed to the younger generations 
some movie star charisma 
seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . 
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , 
dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects 
that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer 
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , 
zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special . 
surprisingly decent 
, joyous celebration 
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake 
's as entertaining as it is instructive 
most important and exhilarating forms 
, the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work . 
wrong things 
of breathtaking mystery 
wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films . 
best about 
the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe 
sillier 
thought-provoking 
have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release 
the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity 
combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise 
as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking 
creative contributions 
'' overcome its weaknesses 
, heartwarming film 
one moment in the film that surprises or delights 
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , 
one fantastic ( and educational ) documentary . 
seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . 
it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever 
'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 
do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some 
, it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . 
french coming-of-age import 
the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , 
a wonderful tale of love and destiny 
pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script 
hey everybody , wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? 
of those so-so films that could have been much better 
it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . 
open-hearted film 
deep inside righteousness 
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 
trash cinema 
is a success 
kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers . 
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins . 
dramedy ' 
the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema 
its sweet time 
goes to the essence of broadway 
impossible , irrevocable choices 
for its sheer audacity and openness 
quiet family drama 
more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 
a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart 
would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud 
does n't deliver a great story , 
some very good comedic songs , 
flick that scalds like acid . 
smart 
like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . 
feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 
dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams 
and well-made entertainment 
is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . 
which is mostly a bore 
his best screen 
well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six . 
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but 
's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours 
having so much fun 
cliched and contrived 
been shot 
it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end 
the right choices at every turn 
director michael cacoyannis 
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and 
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation . 
happy hour 
founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . 
is an enjoyable big movie 
created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy 
's loud and boring 
parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . 
of every bad action-movie line in history 
of pleasure or sensuality 
a dull girl , that 's all 
offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor . 
, haphazard theatrical release 
is , also , frequently hilarious 
is going to be something really good 
of all hollywood fantasies 
... a great , participatory spectator sport . ' 
impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect 
was reportedly rewritten a dozen times 
overcome his personal obstacles and 
say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here 
well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies . 
because it is japanese and yet feels universal 
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo . 
of those films that aims to confuse 
on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company 
cool crime movie 
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . ' 
and insufferable ball 
grave 
lilo & stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen 
a bottom-feeder sequel 
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series 
fans 
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera . 
directs an equally miserable film the following year 
there are moments of hilarity to be had . 
raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before 
is so resolutely 
collective heart attack 
's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments 
yet i found it weirdly appealing 
it would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny . 
good things 
is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year 
ache by the end of kung pow 
made me want to pack raw dough in my ears . 
after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . 
reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls . 
are nowhere near 
touching drama 
charming in comedies like american pie and 
is every bit as fascinating 
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . 
a great deal 
those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us 
griffiths ' warm and winning central performance 
is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time . 
julie taymor 's preposterous titus 
compelling enough 
now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects 
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect 
to have fun with it 
prefer this new version 
ended so damned 
of disney 's great past 
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , 
`` minority report '' astounds . 
won -- and 
such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen 
a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula 
an athlete , a movie star , 
though the film is static 
would n't make trouble every day any better 
the fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme 's good films 
the visual panache 
to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny 
that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated 
overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man 
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro . 
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there 
sags in pace 
because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 
benefited from a sharper , cleaner script 
a moving story 
is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere 
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing 
a vivid personality 
into a lyrical and celebratory vision 
most genuinely sweet 
work as well as a remarkably faithful one 
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 
recommend it for its originality 
is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them . 
out to be 
through the horrible pains of a death 
the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards 
inept 
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out 
flashes of warmth and gentle humor 
makes little attempt to give voice to the other side 
what results is the best performance from either in years . 
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? 
as compelling 
banality 
bump in the night and nobody 
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed 
does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen 
guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster . 
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but 
a kitchen sink 
disparate funny moments 
gives the lie to many clichés and 
cruel and 
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory 
naïveté and arbitrary 
a lack of clarity and audacity 
that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations 
the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 
noble 
directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory 
is a much better mother-daughter tale 
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics 
's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself 
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous 
happens to be good 
so intimate and sensual and funny 
've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time . 
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition . 
congrats disney on a job well done 
plays like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders . 
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling . 
's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle 
even more predictable 
strangling the life out 
undercuts 
scenic 
life 
a cruelly funny twist 
the movie dawdle 
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code 
friday after next 
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man . 
layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 
sweet and believable 
have their funny bones tickled 
rap and r&b names 
sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting 
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway . 
, but i suspect it might deliver again and again 
have a good time here 
rooting for the monsters in a horror movie 
a laundry list of minor shortcomings 
spiffy bluescreen technique 
that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives 
the film 's problems 
it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad 
it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers 
promises 
the visual wit of the previous pictures 
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . 
is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card 
give credit to everyone from robinson 
ingeniously 
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be 
its one good idea 
keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity . 
adventure 
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie . 
haute 
the film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears . 
enjoy themselves 
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , 
a strong directorial stamp 
as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west 
( `` take care of my cat '' ) is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals . 
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece 
could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . 
of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances 
presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain 
as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes 
familiar and predictable , 
especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it 
a drag 
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do . 
a bore 
mr. koshashvili is a director to watch . 
amusing and unsettling 
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment 
that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 
manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal 
crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction . 
clichéd and shallow cautionary tale 
of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape 
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy 
got something 
fun-loving 
... in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes . 
the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction 
happiness 
marveling 
essentially ruined -- or , 
be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest 
the film for anyone 
a rumor of angels should dispel it . 
's better than its predecessor 
outrageous , ingenious 
take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 
there 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . 
disappointing in comparison 
ear-pleasing 
visually striking and viscerally repellent . 
ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film 
is well-crafted 
though writer/director bart freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance . 
affecting , amusing , sad and reflective 
with a cast of a-list brit actors 
a side dish of asparagus 
generic thriller junk . 
some of the worst dialogue 
obnoxious title character 
into a future they wo n't much care about 
like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation 
wander about in thick clouds of denial 
has worked wonders with the material 
finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 
was so uninspiring 
tedium 
dirty jokes 
on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and 
its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline 
like the best 60 minutes 
in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency 
my greatest pictures , drunken master 
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , 
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message 
is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film 
be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 
connection or identification frustratingly 
detract from the athleticism 
seem heroic deserves a look . 
no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery 
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity 
as refreshing 
the road to perdition 
all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital 
the lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired . 
it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had 
their idol 's energy and passion 
the creative act 
rather brilliant 
are fantastic 
of a particular theatrical family 
more interested in entertaining itself 
is as bad at it is cruel 
more than its fair share of saucy hilarity . 
pure 
does strong , measured work 
good fun 
it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 
suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness 
and immature provocations 
a heartening tale 
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , 
almost as offensive as `` freddy got fingered . '' 
delicate , clever 
a crisp psychological drama 
comic voice 
, great to look at , and funny 
in luck 
quite a comedy nor 
content merely 
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and 
fun and funky look 
spare dialogue 
for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway 
the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third ... 
just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded 
sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . 
a real writer plot 
the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family . 
hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . 
the unnamed , easily substitutable forces 
constant smiles and 
utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work 
it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual 
you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting 
pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars 
the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash 
is better than any summer blockbuster 
( allen 's ) best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be . 
snow dogs deserves every single one of them 
's really wrong with this ricture ! 
finally has failed him . 
of dead-end distaste 
perfectly creepy and believable 
its source 's complexity 
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film 
proved too difficult 
here seems to have recharged him . 
comedy , caper thrills and 
the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine 
should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title 
this so-called satire 
a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world 
an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground 
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective 
although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired . 
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest 
to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year 
quite tasteful to look at 
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare 
essentially `` fatal attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . 
at a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture . 
from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 
, this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes . 
is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter 
enjoyable level 
avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest 
the innocence 
godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things 
clue you in that something 's horribly wrong 
that this likable movie is n't more accomplished 
pitifully few real laughs 
your face for two hours 
better elsewhere 
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , 
home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face . 
directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured 
dicey 
rigid and 
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) . 
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades . 
her tragedies 
the most ravaging , 
that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays 
a stunning new young talent 
tale 
complex , 
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches . 
stilted 
lives up 
` it 's just a kids ' flick 
linking a halfwit plot 
crafted , and well 
short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy 
mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated 
the energy it takes to describe how bad it is 
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record . 
value and respect 
uninvolving storytelling 
is dazzling 
should scare any sane person away . 
a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film 
rigid 
effective film 
breathless 
dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale 
an intelligent screenplay 
another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled 
that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves 
his personal obstacles 
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb . 
a solid action pic 
its story 
affirms 
it 's a spirited film and a must-see 
some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe 
revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . 
is actually funny without hitting below the belt 
nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 
is n't particularly assaultive 
is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 
emphasizes every line and sag 
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition 
wonderfully creepy mood 
god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage 
a director i admire 
is that her confidence in her material is merited . 
successful at lodging itself in the brain 
, joyous romp of a film . 
common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha . 
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring . 
make it worth watching 
pungent bite 
intimate and panoramic 
long enough to read the subtitles 
less funny than it should be and 
recite some of this laughable dialogue 
graham greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world . 
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast 
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but 
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength 
when it drags 
make such a worthless film 
unbearable when it is n't merely offensive . 
makes a nice album 
too daft by half ... but supremely good natured . 
where 's the movie here ? 
these people are really going to love the piano teacher . 
tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ... 
utter mush 
only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' 
plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder . 
but thoroughly satisfying entertainment 
taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions 
will once again be an honest and loving one 
letting go at all the wrong moments 
strikes a very resonant chord 
rekindles 
cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio . 
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and 
is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 
takes a really long , slow and dreary time 
promisingly 
the logic 
emotionally devastating 
filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative 
winter landscapes 
trotting out threadbare standbys 
a high-powered star pedigree 
most mornings 
like something wholly original 
draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them 
further 
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin 
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie . 
sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ... 
wilco fans will have a great time 
commanding 
beauty and 
it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences 
simple-minded and 
loyal fans 
if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse 
fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing 
one of the most curiously depressing 
lack of thematic resonance 
of an ordeal than an amusement 
, the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . 
of clichés and borrowed images 
computer-generated cold fish 
, it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . 
enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch 
seventy-minute running time 
the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder . 
as he was about inner consciousness 
inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers 
wanders 
everything too safe 
its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length 
smarter than its commercials make it seem . 
wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening 
to the illogic of its characters 
owed to benigni 
boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse 
a downer and a little 
ladles on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza 
actually means to face your fears 
fishy 
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast 
most hollywood romantic comedies 
second fiddle 
does an established filmmaker 
indulges in the worst elements of all of them 
cinematic postcard 
of no real consequence 
the best films 
all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head 
is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless 
the finest films 
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart 
you doze off thirty minutes into the film 
cheesy b-movie 
in a fresh way 
must see for all sides of the political spectrum 
a very ambitious project 
there 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale . 
onto the end credits 
a feature debut 
take on the soullessness of work 
moving experience 
a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish 
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles 
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket 
promising cast 
is a disaster 
too big 
frightening and compelling 
meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws 
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride . 
funny and well-contructed 
she 's pretty and she can act -- 
one film 
constant smiles 
superior cast 
packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 
noticeably derivative 
emotionally honest 
sentimental 
certainly was n't feeling any of it 
is a gem . 
of dishonesty 
drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing 
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs. sever , were made for the palm screen . 
a work of art 
profane and exploitative 
pure 
is actually quite entertaining . 
the only entertainment 
a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy 
great performances 
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise . 
makes absolutely no sense 
this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture 
most awful acts 
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona 
another unoriginal run 
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling 
treasured 
on top of a foundering performance 
stirring , 
involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light 
being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright 
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships . 
this dog of a movie 
have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again 
highly engaging . 
to a satisfying destination 
a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc 
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential 
turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long 
i suspect it might deliver again and again 
has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness . 
have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime 
it 's pleasant enough and 
admit that i am baffled by jason x. 
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives 
that has made tucker a star 
business plans 
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time . 
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered 
're struggling to create . 
getting there is not even half the interest . 
, the update is dreary and sluggish . 
has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films . 
a very very strong `` b + 
young adult life in urban south korea 
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident 
a definitive account 
survive a screening with little harm done 
has nothing 
to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie 
both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter . 
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed . 
all excited about a chocolate eclair 
typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing 
without any passion 
difficult , endless 
emotionally satisfying exploration 
humorous and heartfelt 
a moving experience 
the story 's scope and pageantry 
loneliness and desperate grandiosity 
do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit 
outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today 
stretched out to feature 
slow and dreary 
fascinating little thriller 
a strong first act 
sustain interest 
elicits strong performances from his cast 
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home 
a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull 
alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures . 
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies . 
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . 
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , 
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage 
make trouble 
it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema 
cannon 's confidence 
does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants 
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then blood work is for you . 
with no good inside dope , and no particular bite 
bonus 
was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo 
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power 
could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life . 
contrived , unmotivated 
a fiercely clever and subtle film 
action-packed an experience 
the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play 
amazingly dopey 
visually engrossing , seldom hammy , 
find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most 
it 's plotless , shapeless 
naive 
wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself 
one of the rarest kinds of films : 
piercing domestic drama 
a worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll . 
that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale 
`` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance 
is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . 
best script 
downright hitchcockian 
a well-crafted film 
its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high 
's in the action scenes that things fall apart 
it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 
inspired portrait 
should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free 
ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego 
on a pedestal 
undeniably fascinating and playful 
executed it takes your breath away . 
the picture is in trouble 
loss and denial 
about surprising us by trying something new 
appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off 
is not real 
the effort is sincere 
does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events 
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor 
of disconnection 
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 
that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel 
has been overexposed 
, you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence . 
the year 's worst cinematic tragedies 
the power of love 
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds . 
full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature . 
is its reliance on formula 
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart 
it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . 
show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck 
cutesy romantic tale 
a remarkable and novel concept 
to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 
a corn dog 
groundbreaking endeavor 
numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before . 
, unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema . 
part of the charm of satin rouge 
broad streaks of common sense 
a charismatic charmer 
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun . 
, it delivers the same message as jiri menzel 's closely watched trains and danis tanovic 's no man 's land . 
will prefer this new version 
shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema 
highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie 
resident evil is not it 
the origins 
's a work of enthralling drama 
is a small gem 
is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it 
the immersive powers 
just two 
the ya-ya sisterhood 
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete 
crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness . 
concocted 
an unflinching , 
ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution 
is instead a cheap cliché 
it 's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . 
more strongly to storytelling 
makin ' a fool of himself 
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river 
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general 
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , 
that the plot makes no sense 
no new plot conceptions 
cold , nervy and memorable . 
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision 
as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball 
undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject 
still does n't quite know how to fill a frame . 
just not a thrilling movie 
worthy idea 
sanitised and 
as unblinkingly pure as the hours 
a funny yet dark and 
familiar -- and not in a good way 
it 's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . 
is no rest period , no timeout 
for godard 
as saccharine as it is disposable . 
see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it 
of attraction and interdependence 
are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs 
is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) 
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies 
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 
bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . 
nearly every attempt at humor 
uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn 
hunky has-been 
characterizations to be mildly amusing 
whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation 
highly predictable narrative 
's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese . 
rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics 
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it 
miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . 
with some glimpses of nature and family warmth 
sense-spinning 
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . 
the best advice 
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental 
's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action 
also rocks 
what makes it worth watching is quaid 's performance . 
the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy 
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , 
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and 
such a dungpile 
it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images . 
offers no easy , comfortable resolution 
vintage looney tunes 
a meditation on faith and madness 
remarkable amount 
film aficionados can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . ' 
it 's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . 
the heart and 
the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims . 
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale 
invited to the party 
watch , giggle 
's nice 
darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping 
what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes 
doze off 
producer john penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . '' 
squeeze a few laughs out of the material 
vile , incoherent mess 
feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow 
very sluggish pace 
there is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 
a young american , 
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece 
family drama 
a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless 
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure 
an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 
time-consuming 
stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess 
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . 
from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected 
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture 
one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern 
the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . '' 
the edge of your seat , tense with suspense 
enjoyably 
color and depth , and rather a good time 
talent and wit 
flawed and brilliant 
the artwork is spectacular 
gentle and engrossing character 
seem fresh again 
not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema . 
with grace and humor and 
recommend `` 
dying 
at a tough-man contest 
interesting bit 
mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 
increasingly important film industry 
worth the effort 
the avant-garde fused with their humor 
walter hill 's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros. . 
if you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you 
lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense 
impeccable sense 
mediocre special effects 
leaves you wanting more 
barrie good time 
with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set 
a much funnier film with a similar theme 
spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together . 
director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture 
are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 
the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline 
dry wit and compassion 
is long on narrative and ( too ) short 
non-exploitive approach 
convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here . 
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies 
, '' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . 
in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings 
surprise us 
could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was 
does justice 
about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption 
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker . 
having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 
is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 
about full frontal 
string together enough charming moments 
this method almost never fails him 
clever and funny 
, sexist 
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances 
, this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 
does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting 
is a hoot , 
the deliberate , tiresome ugliness 
maddening 
still-raw emotions 
accentuating , 
philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing 
no wit , only 
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 
completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art 
spent watching this waste of time 
teacher 
why it fails 
as sexy beast 
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful 
the soul of a man in pain 
camouflage how bad his movie is 
pleasant enough dish 
it 's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work . 
is horrible 
uplifting and 
enjoyed most of mostly martha 
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue 
wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too . 
struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them 
entertaining and 
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films . 
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , 
a headline-fresh thriller 
to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film 
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere 
ennui-hobbled 
big-hearted 
go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans 
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . 
packed with moments out of an alice 
the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy 
recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 
rings false 
rejected 
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , 
some of the unsung heroes of 20th century 
in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was 
a worthwhile addition 
spare dialogue and acute expressiveness 
is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action 
its leaden acting , dull exposition and 
secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way . 
the richness 
not scary 
manages to string together enough charming moments to work . 
we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is 
half-assed film . 
a serious exploration 
does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously 
hideously and 
charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election 
ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) 
this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special 
oscar caliber cast 
glinting charm 
a riveting profile 
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't be disappointed . 
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs . 
most pleasurable movies 
of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark 
the dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence 
a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) 
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . 
it 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . 
could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice 
sure , i hated myself in the morning . 
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life . 
that strikes a very resonant chord 
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams 
to the dullest irish pub scenes 
in the sun 
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and 
a provocative piece 
comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs . 
weird , wonderful 
as katzenberg 
offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending 
the right stuff for silly summer entertainment 
make for a winning , heartwarming yarn . 
is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level . 
appetizer that leaves you wanting more . 
that makes the formula fresh again 
is simply too overdone 
much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 
'll still have a good time . '' 
a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 
gives everyone 
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , 
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity 
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . 
leguizamo 's best movie work so far , 
much of what we see is horrible but 
, it succeeds . 
savvy , compelling 
a mobius strip 
is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients 
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith 
'll probably love it . 
a moratorium , effective immediately , 
show us a good time 
is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects 
what great cinema can really do 
becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course 
that just does n't work 
good spirits 
bad direction 
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . 
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell . 
is quite a vision . 
is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures . 
frustrating and 
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery . 
offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes 
small gem 
very effective 
last 15 minutes 
falls apart 
makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a 
appealing 
very little story or character 
a fifty car pileup 
to skip it 
like a true star 
huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine . 
appreciates 
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept 
as a dentist 's waiting room 
wildlife 
smug 
the folly of superficiality that is itself 
amusing juxtapositions 
compulsively watchable 
better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists 
terrific casting and 
reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success . 
particularly well made 
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree 
also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults 
do bad things 
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , 
all sing beautifully and act adequately . 
me a lot of memento 
of a very lively dream 
a loathsome movie 
if you only had a week to live 
i have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered . 
try to avoid 
the whiney characters bugged me 
made at least one damn fine horror movie 
unoriginal run 
allusions 
andie macdowell 
virtually plotless 
earnest homage 
carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others 
, another gross-out college comedy -- ugh . 
brilliantly written and well-acted 
it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time 
a certain degree of wit and dignity 
to convey a sense of childhood imagination 
britney 's cutoffs 
holds the film 
stealing harvard ca n't even do that much . 
both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 
smooth and professional 
becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair . 
how this gets us in trouble 
has a nearly terminal case of the cutes 
generic villains 
a must 
tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 
is why anybody picked it up . 
is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body 
been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit 
vulgar is too optimistic a title . 
the film with a creepy and dead-on performance 
the most interesting writer/directors 
will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture 
of authentically impulsive humor 
completely honest , open-hearted film 
to sloppy plotting 
political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country 
paper-thin and 
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations . 
enough to become comparatively sane and healthy 
sentiment and withholds delivery 
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but 
just another teen movie 
delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans . 
's not very interesting 
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted . 
murderous 
overwrought , 
it makes absolutely no sense 
her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled 
ironically killer soundtrack 
destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 
fine acting moments 
actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue 
a domestic unit finding their way to joy 
cerebral 
not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted 
does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything . 
glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . 
jagged , 
is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive 
solid , spooky 
be pleased 
all-powerful , 
love in remembrance . 
the most oddly honest hollywood document 
happens that tells you there is no sense 
to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 
funny , puzzling movie 
thanks to great performances 
you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 
lend some dignity to a dumb story 
a serious debt to the road warrior 
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on . 
realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty 
telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal 
it 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . 
far more interested in gross-out humor 
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and 
in the tradition 
a gamble and last orders are to be embraced 
elaborate choreography 
's like a drive-by 
's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it 
angst-ridden 
its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue 
twists to make the formula feel fresh . 
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- 
the lovable-loser protagonist 
cold , pretentious 
film buffs 
of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater 
pointless , tasteless and idiotic 
lacks a strong narrative 
straightforward 
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing 
decent performances 
irresistible , languid romanticism 
intelligent , and humanly funny film . 
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . 
under his control 
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces 
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted . 
awe and affection 
cliche with little new added . 
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , 
... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . 
earnestness 
low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off 
well-structured 
entertaining , if ultimately minor , 
ben affleck 
is not even half the interest . 
boredom to the point 
, big trouble could be considered a funny little film . 
their super-powers , their super-simple animation 
taking the easy hollywood road 
of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller 
liked about schmidt a lot 
sneaks up on the viewer 
if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master 
contrived and predictable 
does so without compromising that complexity . 
of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati 
's why sex and lucia is so alluring 
cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 
in swank apartments , clothes and parties 
has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies 
has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots 
offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience 
too many pointless situations 
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- 
out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés . 
sincerely crafted picture 
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and 
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago . 
caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch 
map thematically and stylistically , and 
the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug 
is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit 
implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying 
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite 
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen . 
a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; 
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film . 
remains oddly detached 
spreading 
little film noir organized crime story 
small , sweet ` evelyn 
the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking 
funny fanatics 
eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece 
could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 
not for every taste 
offers a guilt-free trip 
, this halloween is a gory slash-fest . 
become smug or sanctimonious 
remarkable achival film 
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , 
living harmoniously 
just bad 
sharper , cleaner script 
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy 
the sense of fierce competition 
is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie . 
is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout 
better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 
surrounded by open windows 
with vivid characters and a warm , moving message 
from burkina faso 
pleasing way 
some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance 
mediocre fable from burkina faso . 
's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year 
'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point 
it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven 
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , 
pretty good execution 
a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable 
rare in the depiction of young women in film 
, illuminating study 
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american 
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed . 
that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all 
that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot 
gift 
gunfight 
many bona fide groaners 
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying . 
will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 
is compelling enough 
a laughable -- 
played-out 
graceful , moving 
genuine ones 
a shock-you-into-laughter intensity 
poo 
even life on an aircraft carrier -- 
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually 
kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked 
maddeningly 
, with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes . 
is a tribute 
beneath it 
an unlimited amount of phony blood 
of the grief 
, this movie just goes on and on and on and on 
intriguing and alluring 
it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . 
on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness 
and drab wannabe 
a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 
speaks volumes 
becomes claustrophobic 
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look 
a little-remembered world 
visual virtues 
lower-wit 
favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing 
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . 
godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon . 
is priceless 
it 's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 
just goes on and on and on and on 
the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . 
find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere 
gritty realism and magic realism 
nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness 
as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow 
druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors 
wreck 
he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 
allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal . 
reaction 
walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked . 
what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion . 
this is just lazy writing . 
first-class , natural acting 
moving and weighty 
surrealist 
best spent elsewhere 
rendered in as flat 
more spirit and bite 
reap more rewards 
sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling 
with a modicum of patience 
hold our attention 
's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid 
best sex comedy 
, bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell . 
turning into a black hole of dullness 
you ca n't miss it . 
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad . 
in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look 
paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 
healing process 
when there 's nothing else happening 
sham actor workshops and an affected malaise 
not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama . 
fails on its own , 
the death 
that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful 
be something really good 
if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 
is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 
to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . 
find much fascination in the swinging 
trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed 
dying fall 
all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors 
bad at a fraction the budget 
quieter domestic scenes 
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , 
who ca n't quite live up to it 
overlong soap 
, first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting . 
up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars 
maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it 
poor editing , 
the retro gang melodrama 
welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion 
, ghastly 
, self-indulgent and maddening 
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success . 
awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters 
writer/director alexander payne ( election ) and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing . 
is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining . 
annoying 
christian parents 
wear thin 
more fascinating 
of too much kid-vid 
'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking . 
you do n't understand what on earth is going on 
that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good 
right film 
, well , 
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , 
avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake 
late fees 
seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other 
so successful at lodging itself in the brain 
that 's still too burdened by the actor 
of its heightened , well-shaped dramas 
on three short films and two features 
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) . 
thoroughly awful . 
of the tooth and claw of human power 
contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen 
so boring 
makes it seem fresh again . 
naturally dramatic 
directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year 
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last 
a little too smugly 
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like 
a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life 
tv sitcom material at best 
a film that is both gripping and compelling 
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve . 
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there 's something about mary co-writer ed decter . 
likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 
perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man 
about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 
only half-an-hour long or 
's fun for kids of any age 
is suitably elegant 
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . 
rushed , slapdash , 
wickedly sick and twisted humor 
is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain 
ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 
only seems to care about the bottom line 
to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings 
broadway 
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake . 
is a weirdly beautiful place 
goes straight to video 
best animated 
all hollywood fantasies 
the first mistake 
lightweight female empowerment 
on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns 
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship . 
seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered 
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true . 
perfectly pleasant if 
is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine . 
changing lanes tries for more . 
is surprisingly brilliant , 
the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers . 
from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply 
a marvel of production design . 
a visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this . 
weak and ineffective ghost story 
superb performance 
an hour-and-a-half-long commercial 
world war ii 
cleverness 
captain 
life 's ultimate losers 
just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work . 
professional 
... while dark water is n't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 
family-friendly 
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script 
finely crafted , finely written , 
that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees 
itself is just sooooo tired . 
crowd-pleasing goals 
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame . 
most repugnant adaptation 
of his rental car 
are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy 
has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong 
spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . 
sincerely 
the movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat . 
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days . 
in pain 
wastes the talents of its attractive young leads 
ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . 
instantly know whodunit 
biased 
is warm , inviting , and surprising 
melodramatic mountain 
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment 
share no chemistry or engaging charisma . 
to regain his life , his dignity and his music 
to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 
sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss 
one hollywood cliche 
of balto 
's mostly a pleasure to watch . 
smart jokes 
satisfies with its moving story 
captured the chaos of an urban conflagration 
the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate 
much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance 
is the best he 's been in years 
by the incredibly flexible cast 
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . ' 
sure , it 's contrived and predictable 
bourgeois french society 
no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes 
aimed at mom and dad 's wallet 
as a workable primer for the region 's recent history 
an ambitious movie 
runs out of ideas 
is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition 
, the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature . 
british comedy . 
unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form . 
( danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk . 
a thinking man 's 
magical 
noteworthy 
` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science 
eye-popping visuals 
you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow 
to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense 
a heavyweight film 
credible gender-provoking philosophy 
reality shows for god 's sake 
want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment 
has wonderfully funny moments 
make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate 
a con artist and 
a measure of faith in the future 
a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic . 
this director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . 
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it . 
is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises 
the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed 
is a vulgar 
a stand up and cheer flick 
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length 
more enjoyable than i expected 
pixar 's 
a coma-like state 
insightful enough 
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent . 
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness 
that proves you 
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks 
to refresh our souls 
complex portrait of a modern israel 
unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest 
least favorite emotions 
, howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another . 
remind one of a really solid woody allen film , 
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; 
a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb 
justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau 
much of it is funny , 
in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 
traditional layers of awakening and ripening and 
its own good 
is as consistently engaging as it is revealing 
delightfully charming -- and 
's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present 
a sexy slip of an earth mother 
so boring 
intriguing and downright intoxicating . 
as much humor as pathos 
funny documentary 
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set 
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history 
full advantage 
distractions 
of unrecoverable life 
to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater 
makes the experience worthwhile 
has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy 
the junk-calorie suspense tropes 
the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , 
a big fat pain . 
geniality 
stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable 
of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists 
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection 
the dynamic first act 
is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish 
a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit 
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest . 
fascinating than the results 
storytelling is far more appealing 
, the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 
kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . 
breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry 
such master screenwriting 
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ... life . 
too many story lines 
to be engaging 
to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 
a gem 
rendered with such clarity 
hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism 
quite unengaging 
inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just 
feels familiar and tired . 
smartly directed , grown-up film 
as important as humor 
m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema 
brutal honesty and respect 
that the material is so second-rate 
that george lucas can only dream of 
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film . 
prove too convoluted 
orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull 
inhuman 
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun . 
is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple . 
family , forgiveness and love 
intellect and feeling 
will likely 
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them . 
swallow thanks to remarkable performances 
care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 
directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix . 
falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live . ' 
, lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics . 
is a tale worth catching . 
long on glamour 
the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action 
philosophical void 
are both superb 
appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making 
a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light . 
the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up . 
i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow 
' hanging over the film 
thumbs down 
spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and 
darling 
most wondrously gifted artists 
rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy . 
were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn . 
more smarts 
an encouraging effort from mccrudden 
great shame 
animated drivel 
exit sign 
from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop 
the marvelous verdu 
comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary 
spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful . 
a year late 
miserable and smug 
trashy 
` this movie sucks . ' 
tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage . 
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout 
steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . 
what results is the best performance from either in years 
confusing melange 
would have a hard time sitting through this one . 
that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard 
do n't blame eddie murphy but 
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but 
the movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes . 
a fairly inexperienced filmmaker 
the enjoyable undercover brother , 
it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him 
prefabricated 
realistic , urgent 
beautifully produced 
savor 
provide insight 
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , 
are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya 
are neither original 
the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film 
moving and not infrequently breathtaking 
quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism 
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching . 
the inspiration 
of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 
littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups . 
most magical 
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply . 
is not only a pianist , but a good human being 
captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it 
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , 
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched 
son of the bride , proves it 's never too late to learn . 
cute alien creature 
with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks 
the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera 
fanciful thinkers 
wanted to leave . 
stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it 
nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself 
no lie 
do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 
such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy 
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale 
placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 
refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body 
a vampire soap opera that does n't make much 
mr. soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious . 
this one gets off with a good natured warning 
gloom 
disorientated 
, you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be . 
spies 
when you instantly know whodunit 
a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn 
popular gulzar and jagjit singh 
is such that the movie does not do them justice 
much self-centered 
the best film of the year 2002 
is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 
sweeping , 
turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count . 
visually stunning rumination 
is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style 
deeply meditative picture 
passably 
has enough moments to keep it entertaining 
an entertainment destination for the general public 
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 
the densest distillation of roberts ' movies ever made . 
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun 
truly terrible 
lukewarm and quick to pass 
have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted . 
has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! '' 
more ridiculous 
hard ground 
the potential success 
most amazing 
overflowing 
dumb gags , anatomical humor , or 
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation . 
that he refuses to evaluate his own work 
is meaningful or memorable 
that do n't care about being stupid 
pristine camerawork 
congrats disney 
existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term 
, worse 
workplace ambition 
an energizing 
guy gets girl 
's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . 
might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies 
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . 
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys . 
the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes 
geriatric dirty harry , 
splendor 
pretty good overall picture 
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . 
deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies 
no unifying rhythm or 
so sloppy , 
'' comes from the heart 
arrive early and stay late , 
shines like a lonely beacon 
ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time 
by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work 
overboard 
go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance 
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach 
light-hearted 
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as 
so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun 
soul-searching garbage . 
admittedly manipulative 
mesmerised 
hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling . 
imax in short 
distressingly 
if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here 's a fun one . 
will linger long after this film has ended 
an important , original talent in international cinema 
, we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing . 
a really strong second effort 
with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it 
you really want to understand what this story is really all about 
merchandised-to-the-max 
the tone for a summer of good stuff 
a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school 
gracefully 
watch people 
this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition . 
devastatingly 
spirited film 
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation 
is entertaining on an inferior level 
a real charmer 
marred beyond redemption 
splashy and entertainingly nasty 
often contradictory 
drag on 
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children . 
makes two hours feel like four 
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man 
the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years 
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star 
believability was n't one of the film 's virtues . 
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills 
a boring , pretentious waste 
a colorful , joyous celebration 
mind and spirit 
does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) 
perfect 
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience 
hollow 
of the clients 
promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip 
to add the magic that made it all work 
delightfully compatible 
quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation 
there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair 
quite rich and exciting 
's the mark of a documentary that works 
is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting 
prolonged and boring 
but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . 
a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing . 
get paid enough to sit through crap like this 
a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable 
a faulty premise 
bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen 
the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection 
journalistically dubious , inept 
expecting 
's the butt of its own joke 
evokes 
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat 
a moving and important film 
biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation . 
he has severe body odor 
remarkably dull with only caine 
because it 's so bad 
on mindless action 
an inconsequential 
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation . 
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie 
serious contender 
does pack some serious suspense . 
auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . 
the excellent performances 
script error 
updating works surprisingly well 
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time 
gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' 
a wry , affectionate delight . 
fears 
falling into the hollywood trap and 
the heat of the moment prevails . 
is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 
( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up 
with indoctrinated prejudice 
takes your breath away 
` butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . 
a little scattered -- ditsy 
disturbing . 
never once predictable . 
students that deals with first love sweetly 
has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more 
uplifter 
ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up 
arch and rather cold-blooded comedy 
is generally quite funny 
gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear 
that and it 's what makes their project so interesting 
a battle between bug-eye theater and dead-eye matinee . 
the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section 
far more successful 
the opulent lushness 
a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters . 
that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches 
my greatest pictures 
much of a plunge 
thought-provoking 
could easily be dealing with right now in your lives 
pokes , provokes , 
a satisfying destination 
of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum 
low-grade 
one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live 
brutally honest 
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making . 
those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original 
humanity or empathy 
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business . 
when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 
deliver again and again 
junk-calorie 
on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people 
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . 
canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city . 
ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away 
the music makes a nice album , 
become the master of innuendo 
and pat storytelling 
tragedies 
that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies 
fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels 
often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy . 
an admirable 
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot 
so bland 
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice . 
it 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure . 
as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity 
an obvious rapport with her actors 
too textbook to intrigue 
's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals 
see this terrific film with your kids 
loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy 
flat-out amusing 
matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . 
fit the incredible storyline to a t. 
it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . 
the excesses of writer-director roger avary 
a '' range 
part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz . 
first-time director joão pedro rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on . 
little morality tale 
gradually makes us believe she is kahlo 
conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences . 
's fun , 
pooper-scoopers 
'' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home 
for a director i admire 
settles into clichés 
talk about for hours 
could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage . 
souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in 
with an amateurish screenplay 
introduces 
's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 
slack complacency 
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but 
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him 
fits into a classic genre , 
shameless attempt 
go , girls , right down the reality drain . 
slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play 
's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor 
genuinely satisfying 
tasteful 
revelatory and 
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , 
that is actually funny with the material 
a lovely and beautifully 
no big whoop , nothing new to see 
genuinely enthusiastic 
dispassionate 
might just be the movie you 're looking for 
won 
's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters 
know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama 
best part ' of the movie 
adam sandler 's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie . 
pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year 
breathe out of every frame . 
that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival 
you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week . 
who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted 
it equals the original and in some ways even betters it 
perversity 
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , 
those monologues stretch on and on 
renewal 
the tragedy beneath it 
i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener 
another key contribution 
were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project 
's made at least one damn fine horror movie 
mundane '70s 
showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks 
multilayered and sympathetic 
opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn 
the catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders . 
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical 
that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 
a consistent embracing humanity 
free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen 
enlightening 
achieve 
the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope 
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up 
it is repetitious 
some success with documentaries 
talkiness is n't necessarily bad 
how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not . 
times uncommonly moving 
of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 
is a fragmented film , 
his greatest triumph 
if the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start . 
it celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . ' 
, 91-minute trailer 
, pasty lumpen 
hugely rewarding experience 
inappropriate 
's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 
so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots . 
enough sentimental 
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : 
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 
was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention 
of obligatory cheap 
probably the best case for christianity 
there 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent . 
a smart 
fred schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . 
the piano teacher is not an easy film . 
great charm , generosity and diplomacy 
dramatize life 's messiness 
a meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` b + . '' 
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and 
its courageousness 
verve and fun 
ill-considered 
something clever 
will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment 
celebrated wonder 
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout 
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture 
creepy and dead-on 
follows its standard formula in this animated adventure 
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways . 
sick sense 
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock 
most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 
better than the fiction 
nothing about this movie 
tell you 
is a real charmer . 
- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff 
the funniest jokes 
our best achievements 
director lee has a true cinematic knack 
to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life 
glory 
decay 
it did n't 
leaves us laughing 
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed . 
tackles more than she can handle 
no solace here 
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls . 
is n't very funny . 
admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics 
this painfully unfunny farce 
, uplifting and moving 
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . 
would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris 
lacks the charisma and ability 
already thin story 
need another film that praises female self-sacrifice 
feel the screenwriter at every moment 
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , 
hawaiian shirt 
was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . 
it 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects . 
obvious . 
dawns , real dawns , comic relief 
from the movie gods 
unfolds predictably 
fresh , sometimes funny 
as scary-funny as tremors 
in modern alienation 
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain 
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source . 
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet . 
a tired one 
is a really special walk in the woods . 
as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 
, i ca n't compare friday after next to them 
thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film 
in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse 
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . 
squeeze a few laughs 
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances 
greatest teacher 
as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs 
fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera 
silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight 
updated dickensian sensibility 
but very pleasing at its best moments 
visually striking and slickly staged 
a gentle , unforced intimacy 
warm 
most ravaging 
disaster flick 
you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood 
is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** 
purgatory county 
eloquently 
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ? 
insufficiently cathartic 
-- definitely a step in the right direction 
entertaining on an inferior level 
carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff 
will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness 
is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid . 
while the story goes nowhere 
is a clear case of preaching to the converted 
gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing . 
making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives 
the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy 
a marginal thumbs up 
the plot weaves us into a complex web . 
imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers 
can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one 
beautifully choreographed 
's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages . 
was only 
overripe episode 
would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster 
befuddled in its characterizations 
it goes further than both 
the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy 
of the best actors there is 
bottom-feeder 
of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 
action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering 
is a deeply unpleasant experience 
a ruffle in what is already an erratic career 
is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving 
... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season . 
sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept 
to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater 
, featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore . 
has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative 
88-minute highlight reel 
if i want a real movie , i 'll buy the criterion dvd . 
of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 
to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 
as a director , eastwood is off his game 
would have a good time here 
with a sure and measured hand 
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond 
a halfway intriguing plot 
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence . 
greater 
into the upper echelons of the directing world 
the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . 
a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity 
tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life 
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists . 
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good 
certain robustness 
the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is . 
whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 
enough freshness 
uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree 
's as sweet as greenfingers 
a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor 
aware of his own coolness 
perry 's good and his is an interesting character , 
still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 
, a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 
display greatness 
even the corniest 
to avoid 
of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity 
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye . 
of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it 
its invitingly upbeat overture 
, repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 
every punchline predictable 
makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering 
( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... 
angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy 
sweaty-palmed fun 
stay in touch with your own skin 
flowery 
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists 
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) ... 
good thriller . 
to be seen as hip , winking social commentary 
would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 
plays like a tired tyco ad . 
that trademark grin of his 
smart , romantic drama 
loved this film . 
a hip comedy 
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- 
an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) 
's also one of the smartest 
needs to stay afloat in hollywood 
hollywood road 
into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide 
is the ultimate movie experience 
that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough 
drawing flavorful performances 
, this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport 
, crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . 
takes hold and grips 
almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell 
to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california 
has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance 
the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t. 
as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 
you were thinking someone made off with your wallet 
a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising 
delicate 
a real documentary 
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and 
rather dull , unimaginative car chase 
is better than most of the writing in the movie 
authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment 
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow . 
is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet . 
funny , 
who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema 
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... 
it gets to you . 
drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés 
unimaginatively foul-mouthed 
's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits 
good action , 
more appropriate 
felt fantasy of a director 's travel 
his lack of faith in his audience 
is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . 
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor 
otherwise excellent 
ludicrous 
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and 
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula . 
than you could have guessed at the beginning 
see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! 
the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line 
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution 
loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature 
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits . 
you can taste it , but there 's no fizz . 
displacement 
while cleverly worked out 
do n't fit well together 
consumed by lust and love 
a wonderful film to bring to imax 
shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 
the huskies are beautiful 
are such a companionable couple 
are good 
is good , except its timing . 
it is wise 
painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 
it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain 
... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh 
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . 
this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . 
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing 
an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion 
need to try very hard 
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable . 
in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars 
waters it down , 
are too grave for youngsters 
viewing in university computer science departments for years to come 
dead mother 
top japanese animations 
genuinely moving 
it 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing . 
... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form . 
a rock-solid gangster movie 
not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again . 
is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way 
comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won . 
beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors 
suspense , 
that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence 
excellent 
because the film deliberately lacks irony 
clichés 
manages to invest real humor 
does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain 
stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) 
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons . 
none of this sounds promising and , 
redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star 
is repellantly out of control 
layered and stylistic 
a computer-generated cold fish 
in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . 
compellingly 
with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor 
for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 
let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out 
unpaid intern 
has its faults 
a bad name 
no , i hate it . 
capturing 
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and 
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power . 
that does not move 
is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later 
puppies with broken legs 
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt 
by mediocrity 
the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill 
ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant 
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content 
it 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . 
( i ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , 
freaking out 
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart . 
recalls the classics of early italian neorealism 
have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor 
psychologically 
his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes 
every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 
that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks 
zzzzzzzzz 
poignant comedy 
a wry , affectionate delight 
is violated 
its fun 
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy 
does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller 
efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug . 
too clumsy in key moments 
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome 
, it 's pretty stupid . 
it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won . 
cleansing 
without neglecting character development for even one minute 
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie 's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
smart 
one fantastic visual trope 
as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab 
that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films 
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years . 
has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise . 
old , familiar 
a sweet little girl 
whiny pouty-lipped poof 
the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . 
hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- 
it 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 
the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic 
dreary mess 
an intriguing species of artifice 
, cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . 
south korea 's 
director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood 
when the movie ended so damned soon 
a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot 
the hero 's odyssey 
, you 'll still be glued to the screen . 
whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man 
is well below expectations 
an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton 
goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection 
see some interesting storytelling devices 
ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story . 
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . 
much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them 
straight-to-video 
by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war 
press the delete key 
like real life 
doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body 
an intelligent screenplay and 
even a plot 
very dark and very funny 
uncinematic but 
luminous 
meditative 
wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals 
... that the material is so second-rate . 
a good ear for dialogue 
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) 
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n't . 
bad animation 
friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans . 
by a master 
doltish and uneventful 
so-called ` comedy ' 
the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year 
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair 
the artwork 
ruined by amateurish writing and acting , 
( reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair 
the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up 
harsh conceptual exercise 
that 's fun for kids of any age . 
long , intricate , star-studded 
the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative 
a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks 
to create images you wish you had n't seen 
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters . 
'll end up moved 
be genuinely satisfying 
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , 
but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 
he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . 
a dime 
be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies 
objective documentary 
afterlife 
is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream 
than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms 
to place blame 
on an intoxicating show 
a spirited film and 
assuredly 
eminently engrossing film 
rotting underbelly 
some truly excellent sequences 
... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning . 
constantly touching , surprisingly funny 
director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ? 
its rawness and vitality 
a solid , well-formed satire 
of diverse political perspectives 
well-directed 
for whom she shows little understanding 
idiotically 
the viewer expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash . 
least favorite 
laugther 
penetrating , 
just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career 
too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman 
it 's awfully entertaining to watch . 
those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up . 
powerful drama 
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , 
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom 
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and 
the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen 
sensitive and 
is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded 
the film is flat . 
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care . 
unfocused and tediously exasperating 
almost as offensive 
working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and 
willing to have fun with it 
as the shabby digital photography 
portray themselves 
unfortunate title 
... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters . 
is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds 
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium . 
it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge 
sharply comic and 
i like it . 
is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects 
a showdown 
, hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor . 
the hot chick is pretty damned funny . 
is nonexistent . 
episodic choppiness , 
to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures 
steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 
not enough fizz 
are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters . 
vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale 
a really solid woody allen film 
subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph 
just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through 
fustily tasteful 
as beautiful , 
of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed 
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness 
like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders . 
to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense 
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up . 
not smart and not engaging 
too bad kramer 
of the avant-garde fused with their humor 
it 's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form . 
a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop 
so poorly 
is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . 
it is n't much fun . 
gut-busting 
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes 
ultimately purposeless 
you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 
and more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 
skip the film 
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap . 
, that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 
great missed opportunity 
, it finds a nice rhythm . 
, it 's just another sports drama/character study . 
am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies 
point at things that explode into flame 
a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll 
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but 
's also nice 
endearing cast 
creep the living hell out of you 
place for a great film noir 
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy 
making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden 
just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on 
's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor 
which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 
ghetto fabulousness 
loathe 
sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then 
emotionally intense 
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms . 
bodily function jokes 
contradicts 
substantive 
playfully 
look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar 
would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi 
can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today 
be intriguing 
ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive 
what punk 
recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera 
slightly unfulfilled 
lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless 
in a poorly 
makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens 
exhilarating new interpretation 
marvelously 
banal bore 
has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive 
make this an eminently engrossing film . 
laugh-a-minute 
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany 
the film certainly does n't disappoint . 
female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 
gedeck , 
intoxicating atmosphere 
an unmistakable , easy joie 
vibrance and 
further sad evidence 
a funny , triumphant , and 
's still a guilty pleasure to watch . 
gadgets 
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller . 
's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . 
counts heart as important as humor 
walked out on a movie 
wall-to-wall good time 
message resonate 
technical flaws to get in the way 
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered . 
katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it . 
delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama 
surprisingly powerful and universal 
kathy baker 's creepy turn 
've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch 
to the script 's refusal of a happy ending 
like it 's wasted yours 
distanced us 
you love the music , and i do 
is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination 
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic 
few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending 
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients 
saccharine sentimentality 
is still good fun 
the best next generation episodes 
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material . 
delights 
will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious . 
a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore 
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time 
striking 
never gaining much momentum 
no one in the audience or the film seems to really care 
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul 
ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona 
tries and tries hard 
make the stones weep 
emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 
their cruel fate 
of the best ensemble casts of the year 
slap-happy 
the writing is indifferent 
far more often than the warfare itself -- 
raucously 
its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls 
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character 
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . 
is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation . 
while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks . 
it 's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions . 
splash 
leguizamo 's best movie work 
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast 
to a new scene , which also appears to be the end 
filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting 
winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 
inspirational prep-school professors 
expertly plucking tension from quiet 
's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon 
dreary expanse 
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short 
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's 
hilarious adventure 
misanthropic 
it 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team . 
smart , 
insufferable movie 
boffo last hour 
convincing one 
it all the more compelling 
creepy-scary 
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 
terrific computer graphics , 
half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy 
complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out 
... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired . 
, subtlety has never been his trademark 
generates plot points 
brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch . 
unfolds as one 
's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but 
seem authentic 
by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics 
makes up for in heart 
it 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period . 
paper-thin characterizations 
by the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 
does n't really believe in it , 
its screwed-up characters 
and pretentious endeavor 
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying 
subjective 
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 
horribly 
allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years . 
by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick 
too many `` serious issues '' 
is having fun with it all 
gold 
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' 
of sleaziness 
americans to finally revel in its splendor 
a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism 
with considerable aplomb 
more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating 
but i had a lot of problems with this movie . 
an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty 
it has definite weaknesses 
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , 
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic 
something provocative , 
that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling 
keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity 
theater 
situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets . 
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; 
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but 
the charisma 
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably 
a very lively dream 
the movie 's most admirable quality 
an insultingly inept and artificial examination 
's flawed and brilliant 
to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots 
watch with kids and use to introduce video as art 
painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people 
shockingly bad and 
is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up . 
that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition 
the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy . 
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved 
hollywood confection 
at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value 
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast 
well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell 
braveheart as well as 
the greatest musicians 
it 's not scary in the slightest 
buy the soundtrack 
the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream 
a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion 
, should scare any sane person away . 
well-written and occasionally challenging social drama 
gutsy and 
most practiced 
this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes 
one clever line 
will undoubtedly enjoy it 
transfixes the audience . 
which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 
better than its predecessor 
tick-tock 
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases . 
closer than many movies 
that gives pic its title an afterthought 
like a travel-agency video 
ingratiating 
nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful . 
the movie 's set 
is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness 
a few gut-busting laughs 
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny . 
hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction . 
's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 
certain ambition 
be used to burn every print of the film 
the grieving process 
zings all the way 
sometimes is a brilliant movie . 
creative act 
, rapid-fire delivery 
, compelling story 
slow and 
bite 
is also beautifully acted 
fear and paranoia 
quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout 
open windows 
it 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible . 
lovely trifle 
have no affinity for most of the characters . 
they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 
impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon 
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity 
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari 's film falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey . 
the comedy was funny 
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate 
a vivid , spicy footnote 
is hardly a masterpiece 
is a tart , smart breath of fresh air 
does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 
, like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall ! 
the stomach-turning violence 
watchable 
unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes . 
it 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor . 
thoughtful dialogue 
the working out of the plot almost arbitrary 
a winning comedy 
most disappointing 
nijinsky says , ' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . 
top-notch 
are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject 
pathetic 
even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . 
a film of delicate interpersonal dances . 
's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 
its leaden acting 
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack 
affectionately goofy 
it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen 
genteel and unsurprising the execution 
even lazier and far less enjoyable 
in auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance 
make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs . 
mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . 
wickedly funny , visually engrossing 
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him 
not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images 
french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama 
sometimes exceptional film 
was funny 
the fist is hilarious 
someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia 
mediocre one 
be disappointed 
does have its charms 
have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie 
like schindler 's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 
playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer 
a taut , sobering film 
do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue 
've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar . 
the gross-out comedy 
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera 
makes it seem 
it 's fun , but it 's a real howler 
you ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 
, wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . 
is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese 
fraction 
the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant 
cinematic knack 
did n't know what kind of movie they were making 
incredibly captivating and 
of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest 
worthwhile 
very depressing movie 
to split up so that it can do even more damage 
into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style 
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' 
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic 
vulgar , sexist 
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise 
an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture 
an inept , tedious spoof 
off the hook 
building up to the climactic burst of violence 
consistent 
the condescending stereotypes 
take a complete moron 
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic . 
dark comedy 
in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise 
for overstimulated minds 
the most fluent of actors 
impossibly contrived situations 
there done that 
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. . 
is capped with pointless extremes 
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear 
saved this film 
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted . 
a supremely hopeful cautionary tale 
surprised at how much we care about the story 
every faltering half-step 
the , yes , snail-like pacing 
well worth watching 
the limitations of his skill 
seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character . 
has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now . 
a life-affirming message 
it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success . 
is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . 
beguiling freshness 
joyous romp of a film . 
of french cinema 's master craftsmen 
a degree of affection rather than revulsion 
imitation movie 
looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments 
becomes a testament to faith . 
there 's no reason to miss interview with the assassin 
unsympathetic hero 
more depressing than entertaining 
an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise 
how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too 
sweet and sexy film 
is both inspiring and pure joy . 
` ke burstein 
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances 
in all its director 's cut glory , 
cute animals and 
is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 
a very valuable film 
intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular 
rather unique 
bad film 
overacted 
overrun modern-day comedies 
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom 
a droll sense 
for teens to laugh , groan and hiss 
's easier to change the sheets 
audacious-impossible yet compelling 
the precious trappings 
flair and bouncing bravado 
a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body 
avalanche 
the limits of what a film can be , 
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book . 
phony relationship 
is an amicable endeavor . 
strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook . 
manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt 
a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue 
can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice . 
the most important and exhilarating forms 
it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it . 
the best-sustained ideas 
insightful and entertaining 
no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge 
finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom 
recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back . 
creepiness 
the striking , quietly vulnerable personality 
the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time 
a silly comedy 
it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative 
suitable summer entertainment 
provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals 
the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life 
ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . 
remarkable procession of sweeping pictures 
a nationwide blight 
for pretentious arts majors 
wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work 
would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 
is losing his touch 
it 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter . 
entirely wholesome 
rises above superficiality 
surrender $ 9 
be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) 
about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times 
the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls 
, profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen . 
the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida 
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet 
a consummate actor 
cloying messages 
the heart and soul of cinema 
crowd-pleasing 
mediocrity 
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes 
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` a walk to remember '' 
for excitement 
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and 
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot . 
engages us 
a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion 
inside it he 's well worth spending some time with 
unfortunately , carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg . 
the paranoid claustrophobia 
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . 
is rotten in the state of california 
is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace 
epic treatment of a nationwide blight 
a weak and ineffective ghost story 
left the theater 
poo-poo jokes 
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . 
the rest is just an overexposed waste of film 
as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema 
by working girl scribe kevin wade 
unexpected flashes of dark comedy 
money-grubbing 
there 's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is 
a minor-league soccer remake 
does its best 
as moronic as some campus gross-out films 
a key strength 
is pretty funny 
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes . 
a boring movie 
but a tedious picture 
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while 
film buffs will eat up like so much gelati 
signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema 
pleased 
's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed . 
farts , boobs 
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire . 
see this turd squashed 
convincing and radiant 
strikes a potent chemistry with molina 
increasingly incoherent fashion 
that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what 
manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents 
, violent , self-indulgent and maddening 
stalking 
has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them 
the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism 
buzz , blab and money 
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 
short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil 
most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy 
signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination 
's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative . 
is a kind of perpetual pain 
a film of epic scale 
something of a public service 
a superior crime movie 
finest films 
to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy 
a disservice 
the art demands live viewing . 
an affected malaise 
... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride . 
if you think it 's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy the hot chick . 
a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light 
anyone 's guess 
fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved 
deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) 
a dirty old man 
sexual and romantic tension 
sloppy , amusing 
is on full , irritating display 
to make absurdist observations 
to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 
a bit of a cheat in the end 
the performances of their careers 
without thrills and a mystery devoid 
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness . 
deepest recesses 
is cool . 
offended 
good dialogue 
the modern rut 
romantic , riveting and handsomely 
is extremely funny 
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema 
is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen 
high 
adults , other than the parents ... 
is a dud . 
narrative arc 
, pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 
has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing . 
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy . 
farcical and loathsome 
are both superb , 
yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second . 
exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble 
to the core 
resentment 
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man 
, there 's something creepy about this movie . 
just a string of stale gags 
, are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it 
're simply not funny performers 
desperate attempt 
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something . 
all those famous moments 
whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile 
would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . 
be a most hard-hearted person 
there 's no conversion effort , 
a tale full of nuance and character dimension 
far better 
, its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes . 
long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare 
it 's potentially just as rewarding 
clumsy and 
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages 
a moral tale 
implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history 
will have fun with 
i hated myself in the morning . 
and , 
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , 
feels like a copout 
consider a dvd rental instead 
an easy film 
some serious issues 
've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 
its mind 
negligible british comedy . 
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even 
an achievement 
is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity 
a great impression 
scenic shots 
anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone 
why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain 
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and 
bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids 
entirely suspenseful , extremely 
love this movie 
takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . 
a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary 
's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise 
starts off witty and sophisticated and 
the proverbial paint dry 
visceral and spiritual 
it 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . 
of being a bit undisciplined 
see this movie with my sisters 
than either of those films 
, but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid . 
amazingly dopey . 
tight and truthful 
it 's just rather leaden and dull . 
, unnecessary 
make a terrific effort 
're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party . 
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place 
that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation 
a funny moment or two 
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single . 
buried , drowned 
as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes 
that 's been done before 
laughingly 
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic . 
as the mediterranean sparkles , ` swept away ' sinks . 
notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness 
is one that should be thrown back in the river 
this a remarkable and novel concept 
going out and enjoying the big-screen experience 
bogs down in rhetoric and cliché 
becomes an overwhelming pleasure 
the process comes out looking like something wholly original 
sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 
imperfect 
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary . 
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece 
fanciful direction 
berlin 
on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid 
letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 
and uninspired . 
hole-ridden plotting 
watching it leaves you giddy 
its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 
most damning 
its real emotional business 
to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering 
create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time . 
were the people who paid to see it . 
it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 
as a science fiction movie , `` minority report '' astounds . 
to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture 
feels like very light errol morris 
somewhat problematic 
does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it 
like to ride bikes 
is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama 
smart and entirely charming 
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill 
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . 
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , 
remarkable serenity and discipline 
elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk 
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand 
dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera 
standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull 
an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar 
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe 
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization 
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails . 
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , 
shifting in your chair too often 
really good 
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances 
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , 
cherished 
its unforced comedy-drama 
movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics 
is the opposite of a truly magical movie 
cheap-looking version 
, it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . 
career-defining revelation 
, and enjoyable 
is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence . 
of a truly magical movie 
helps little 
embraces its old-fashioned themes 
relies on more than special effects 
the latter 's attendant intelligence 
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers . 
inherently funny 
a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack 
a fine production 
some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma 
whole mess 
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work 
the paper-thin characterizations and 
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here 
blatant product placement 
that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing 
no reason to exist 
artful 
a powerful look 
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor . 
a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie 
to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 
probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters 
seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them 
really what we demand of the director 
decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him 
a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say 
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... 
rare film 
the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense 
just ca n't tear himself away from the characters 
the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head . 
sometimes beautiful adaptation 
see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . 
's just brilliant in this 
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way . 
is nearly impossible to look at or understand 
's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni . 
the strength of their own cleverness 
was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism 
is lightweight filmmaking , 
recreating it an in an african idiom 
nothing distinguishing 
which is nothing to sneeze at these days 
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier 
as an exceptional thriller 
which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway 
directed , barely , by there 
is a superior horror flick 
is as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . 
to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- 
willie would have loved it 
but fun . 
very attractive about this movie 
gives gifts to grownups 
the most offensive thing about the movie 
a reasonably entertaining sequel 
appear foolish and shallow 
's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull 
by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy 
aggravating and tedious . 
painfully slow 
movie audiences both innocent and jaded 
very well-written and very well-acted . 
of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 
applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line 
to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 
because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies 
as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing 
substantial or fresh 
expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre 
comic sparks 
to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle 
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors . 
an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need 
must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work 
instead of trying to bust some blondes , ( diggs ) should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 
offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and 
technical skill and rare depth 
watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself 
in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . 
a sour taste in one 's mouth 
could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 
love the piano teacher 
did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on 
is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live 
the slapstick is labored 
most moronic screenplays 
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since sept. 11 ) . 
andrei 
creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance 
kline 's superbly nuanced performance 
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... there is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' . 
coherent rhythm 
moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 
create 
the scenic splendor 
its extraordinary intelligence and originality 
sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once 
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity . 
with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field 
unmotivated 
poorly-constructed comedy 
strong themes 
misuse 
if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster . 
racial insensitivity 
that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality 
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating . 
what you wish for 
fiercely intelligent 
directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable 
pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice 
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs 
for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life 
another classic 
, marvelously twisted shapes history 
nominated for an oscar 
credulous 
grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces . 
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . 
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own . 
's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition 
( the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful . 
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and 
for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , 
troubled 
has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half . 
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but 
is predictable at every turn . 
burning 
a dearth 
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and 
a remarkable piece of filmmaking 
by a winning family story 
puts enough salt 
is a success in some sense 
3000 
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , 
, avarice and damaged dreams 
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome . 
wrong hands 
, they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . 
lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving . 
ever-watchful 
you have an interest in the characters you see 
target audience has n't graduated from junior high school 
seem tired and , 
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , 
but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 
overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph 
ambiguous enough to be engaging 
a soul-stirring documentary 
escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars 
occasionally interesting 
admirable rigor 
an intense and engrossing head-trip 
in tired stereotypes 
neo-augustinian theology : is god 
one-sided theme 
is far from disappointing , offering an original 
crawl up your own *** in embarrassment 
that relies on more than special effects 
tense with suspense 
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive 
warmth and gentle humor 
in gross-out humor 
tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 
projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless 
's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages 
... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . 
that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde 
wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . 
independent or 
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous 
good and ambitious film 
refuses 
waldo salt screenwriting award 
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and 
its own breezy , distracted rhythms 
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented 
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 
heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis 
rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year 
in this pretentious mess 
to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes 
sharp script 
equally distasteful 
dreary and overwrought 
ends up being surprisingly dull 
was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be . 
a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material 
an unremittingly ugly movie 
better video-game-based flicks , 
eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons 
, proves it 's never too late to learn . 
the theme does n't drag an audience down 
have been called ` under siege 3 
a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions 
believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film 
thoroughly enjoyable . 
would be easy for critics to shred it 
as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star 
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into . 
almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off 
sensational 
a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism 
of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick 
the choppy editing 
julia roberts wannabe 
christmas perennial 
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but 
are consistently delightful . 
half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget 
raucously amusing 
such a bore 
but because of the startling intimacy 
skip but film buffs should get to know 
both the scenic splendor 
thoughtful , reverent 
friendly kick 
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper . 
genuine dramatic impact 
wo n't enjoy the movie at all . 
work -- is charming , 
cascade over the screen effortlessly 
are some movies that hit you from the first scene 
the theater in the first 10 minutes 
unexpectedly giddy viewing 
shiri is a must for genre fans . 
much about the film , including some of its casting 
best of all 
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , 
is n't . 
's icky 
stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie . 
( a ) painfully flat gross-out comedy 
requisite faux-urban vibe 
reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 
you 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) . 
romanticized rendering 
the absurdity of the premise 
's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions . 
for on-screen chemistry 
an unendurable viewing experience 
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites . 
buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free 
j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl 
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 
it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies 
randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing 
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , 
this dubious product 
can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored 
i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism . 
damn 
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense . 
is a must 
is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life 
expert thriller 
suspenseful 
, labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 
original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up . 
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations 
the wasted potential 
it puts washington , as honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . 
polished and vastly entertaining caper 
it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy 
deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone 
( jeff 's ) gorgeous , fluid compositions 
should be used to burn every print of the film 
exuberant 
explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor 
the titillating material 
too mainstream 
, you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 
owes enormous debts 
the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived 
road movie , coming-of-age story and 
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or 
that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture 
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level . 
ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third 
oversexed , at times 
is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression 
an irresistible blend 
stench 
merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 
bad name 
now it is a copy of a copy of a copy 
the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 
captures the debilitating grief 
the mood is laid back 
one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society . 
really get weird , though not particularly scary 
drain 
all the interesting developments 
lively songs 
everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced 
a black comedy , 
swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor 
charmless and 
gets the tone just right -- 
assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off 
the movie is hardly a masterpiece 
brisk 
has nothing 
playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper 
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture 
is one word that best describes this film : honest . 
possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance 
amazing film work 
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation . 
make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold 
it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people 
to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time 
botched in execution 
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary . 
heightened , well-shaped dramas 
is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact 
not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 
roussillon providing comic relief 
is amazing 
of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness 
so graceless and devoid 
personal 
's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message 
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow 
a little fleeing of its own 
combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end 
to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances 
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . 
if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license 
provide an emotional edge 
completely loveable 
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation 
bowling you over 
not to mention absolutely refreshed . 
sexual and romantic 
less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story 
a nearly terminal case 
to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn 
a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action 
watching a rerun 
that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion 
the funnier movies 
oversexed 
, it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees . 
depressed 
a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal 
' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . 
may not always work 
are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours 
, intelligence and verve 
is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage 
vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world 
rises to its clever what-if concept 
the best straight-up 
it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film 
a shabby script 
somewhat less 
as shallow entertainment 
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . 
hollywood expects people to pay to see it 
's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy . 
has a sure hand 
cold , gray 
to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie 
by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable . 
a bit on the skinny side 
does n't manage to hit all of its marks 
any way of gripping what its point is 
matthew lillard is born to play shaggy ! 
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams . 
graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 
taylor 's cartoonish performance and 
it 's a masterpeice . 
how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were 
the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 
the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . 
reveals how bad an actress she is 
one hour photo lives down to its title . 
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later . 
is a treat 
find an escape clause 
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , 
who embraces a strict moral code 
may have been a good film in `` trouble every day 
well-made entertainment 
, though goofy and lurid , 
's no reason to miss interview with the assassin 
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional . 
appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 
the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos 
, standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 
a cool event for the whole family 
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world . 
the movie 's seams may show ... 
the process created a masterful work of art of their own 
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters . 
fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides . 
memorable zingers 
the perfect material 
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it . 
's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull 
rise above its disgusting source material 
career 
fashioned an absorbing look 
the success 
adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 
the universal themes , earnest performances 
a worthwhile moviegoing experience 
it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it 
fabulously funny 
no clear-cut hero 
establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace 
the muckraking , soul-searching spirit 
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening 
is no denying the power of polanski 's film ... 
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen 
minor-league soccer remake 
succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad 
is among wiseman 's warmest . 
insult the intelligence of everyone 
the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going 
with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi 's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives . 
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , 
to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 
all-too-familiar 
good and different 
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire 
comic barbs 
unfocused 
consistently sensitive and often exciting 
gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things . 
improbable as this premise may seem 
mesmerize 
the only problem 
is n't one true ` chan moment ' . 
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity 
an undeniably moving film 
, harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore . 
, right-wing , propriety-obsessed family 
from its cheesy screenplay 
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . 
even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel 
one of the worst movies of one year 
an inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist . 
real situations and characters 
add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff . 
of a good time for both children and parents 
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet . 
a ghost story gone badly awry 
off 
pokey 
as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy . 
dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy . 
done excellent work 
's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 
much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives 
well-made and satisfying thriller 
in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances 
illuminating study 
capable 
a meatier deeper beginning 
one more dumb high school comedy 
is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism 
that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 
engaging examination 
an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form 
an engrossing entertainment 
an american tragedy 
will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting 
a well-done film 
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy . 
fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own 
'' admirably 
his own preoccupations and obsessions 
it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down 
is more in love with strangeness than excellence 
it 's worth the concentration . 
metal , fireballs and revenge 
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images 
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy 
potentially incredibly 
baffling mixed platter 
a seriously intended movie 
mostly believable , 
its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start . 
of the more influential works 
, first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer . 
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others . 
is better than you might think 
is rote work and predictable , 
choppy , surface-effect feeling 
, the movie is in a class by itself 
with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing 
hilarious ode 
sorrow 
ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride 
such exuberance and passion 
nothing to sneeze at these days 
squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
ick ' 
seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense 
the great films 
often-funny drama 
an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut 
older 
offers an interesting bit of speculation 
wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 
's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal 
is a truly , truly bad movie 
with a screenplay to die for 
worthwhile documentary 
take the grandkids or the grandparents 
's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . 
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment . 
ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor 
her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation 
pleasurable movies 
to sell us on this twisted love story 
thought was going to be really awful 
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising . 
bad 
a one liner as well as anybody 
of satisfying entertainment 
confident filmmaking and 
it 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today . 
the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation 
is a movie you can trust . 
stock clichés 
a remake by the numbers 
treats us to an aimless hodgepodge 
dodge this one 
the charm of revolution os 
deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is 
, alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 
very best movies 
necessary viewing for sci-fi fans 
a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 
splendid-looking 
has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else . 
unlimited access 
top billing 
the auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights 
if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging 
macabre and 
keen eye , sweet spirit and 
myopic 
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and 
does his sly , intricate magic 
together writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 
've told a nice little story in the process 
it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 
to top form 
spectacularly ugly-looking broad 
wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be 
happy 
he seems embarrassed to be part of 
there 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title . 
employ their quirky and fearless ability 
an eventual cult classic would be an understatement 
instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way 
a laugh riot 
very shapable but largely unfulfilling 
anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take . 
promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish . 
will be lulled into a coma 
the mysteries of human behavior 
tara reid plays a college journalist , 
raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before . 
, fun , popcorn movies 
bogs down in insignificance , 
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy . 
is a dazzling conceptual feat 
finely crafted 
is worth the price of admission 
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile 
of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 
derive from this choppy and sloppy affair 
like such a bore 
bust 
similarly ill-timed 
mushy 
wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion 
believing it was just coincidence 
is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 
is instructive 
of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent 
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and 
one has nothing else to watch 
you 're an elvis person 
of substance about a teacher 
shamelessly manipulative and contrived 
with a teeth-clenching gusto 
just as endearing and easy to watch 
for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation 
hilariously , gloriously alive 
falling short as a whole 
oo many of these gross out scenes ... 
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , 
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man 
, it can easily worm its way into your heart . ' 
of the best short story writing 
allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper 
a tale worth catching 
as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us 
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 
it gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good . 
britney spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction . 
- worst of all - 
a higher plateau 
is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel 
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust . 
's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 
very talented but underutilized 
filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders 
flawed 
this man so watchable 
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder . 
after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults 
of crucifixion 
is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . 
manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk 
his usual intelligence and subtlety 
nervy and memorable 
smarter than your average bond . 
but no . . 
your entertainment standards 
it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative 
a wonderfully creepy mood 
is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . 
really awful 
-- not the first , by the way -- 
a work of extraordinary journalism , 
little style 
- spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together . 
unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache 
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet . 
, manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 
a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 
then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time 
assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 
for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 
made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries 
the benefit of being able to give full performances 
unshapely look 
every cheesy scene 
offer much more than the series 
your interest , your imagination , your empathy 
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence 
inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience 
unoriginal terms 
like a typical bible killer story 
, silly and monotonous 
naive dreams 
a very sincere work 
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life . 
more than she can handle 
, he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` do not go gentle into that good theatre . ' 
is the best ` old neighborhood ' project 
delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage 
the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose 
is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 
a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over 
is not quite the career peak 
time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge 
titular 
of the two bewitched adolescents 
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 
, then you 're in for a painful ride . 
felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes . 
none-too-original premise 
well worth 
her good looks 
should have been a cutting hollywood satire 
truly come to care about the main characters 
of seeing justice served 
's far from a groundbreaking endeavor 
she might not make for a while 
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin . 
( seagal 's ) strenuous attempt 
horrifyingly , 
is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations 
freshness , imagination and insight 
an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work 
based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , 
grotesque and 
well-paced and 
well worth revisiting as many times 
enough sweet and 
the charm of satin rouge 
peak 
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand . 
plaintiveness 
high-powered star pedigree 
all the scenic appeal of a cesspool 
clever ideas 
pat , fairy-tale conclusion 
spirit-crushing 
rancorous curiosity 
an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 
could be intriguing 
to be a new yorker 
that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 
hollywood-predictable 
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully 
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . 
hurt 
, vibrant introduction 
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes 
by a sloppy script 
proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool . 
flaws 
continues to do interesting work 
no cute factor 
unlike ( scorsese 's mean streets ) , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . 
stay positive 
that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful 
more emotional 
is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them 
the grade as tawdry trash 
might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc 
mediocre acting 
as appalling as any ` comedy ' 
i have a new favorite musical 
nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy 
an addictive guilty pleasure 
actually improves upon the original hit movie 
overbearing and over-the-top 
strong itch to explore more 
i 'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . 
really a thriller 
marveilleux 
no such thing is a big letdown . 
enamored 
nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . 
will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and 
begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i 
directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann 
that writer and director burr steers knows the territory 
of that special fishy community 
one 's appetite for the bollywood films 
in its characters ' frustrations 
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything 
reflective and 
astonishingly skillful and moving ... 
ridiculous and money-oriented 
come away from his film overwhelmed , 
, this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . 
badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 
a visually masterful work 
if it pushes its agenda too forcefully 
too many prefabricated story elements 
a potent chemistry 
a monster 
a film neither bitter nor sweet 
flick worthy 
a good fight 
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood 
while the highly predictable narrative falls short 
nation 
unfaithful 
is remembering 
captivating and intimate 
most irresponsible 
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story . 
the basic flaws in his vision 
like a side dish no one ordered 
detailed performances 
the sheer ugliness 
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful . 
some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . 
that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography 
magic and is enjoyable family fare 
especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time 
vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings 
there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising 
never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 
of california 
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible 
knows everything and answers all questions , 
sweet and gentle 
the early and middle passages 
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached . 
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role . 
savory and 
shallow and 
with more emotional force than any other recent film 
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , 
losing my lunch 
all three women deliver remarkable performances . 
award-winning 
could force you to scratch a hole in your head . 
it 's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 
ca n't go wrong . 
obnoxiously 
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't . 
its total promise 
has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry 
lead a group of talented friends 
of tastelessness and gall 
is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything . 
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe 
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup 
slightly less successful than the first 
part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin 
are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . 
something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance 
been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon 
to shine 
very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable 
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . 
inane and awful 
real-life strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders . 
ca n't help but feel ` stoked 
victimized 
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology 
recognize it 
may have expected to record with their mini dv 
banter-filled comedy 
is hugely overwritten , 
go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 
a terrifically entertaining specimen 
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery . 
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making 
's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair . 
has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places 
, is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is 
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so 
small part thanks 
stylish psychological 
by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances 
a terrible movie , just 
frustrated and detached 
remarkable yet 
possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio . 
undeniably gorgeous 
to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss 
mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete 
when ( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al. , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture . 
-- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 
fruitful 
deserving of discussion 
dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 
unique director 's 
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was . 
helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears 
... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . 
the final product is a ghost 
more mindless drivel 
an engaging fantasy 
, proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 
especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull 
like mike shoots and scores 
it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings 
's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before . 
though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . 
distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up 
feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority . 
wiseman is patient 
intelligent manner 
daft by half ... but supremely good natured 
take away the controversy 
, martin is a masterfully conducted work . 
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore . 
is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination . 
's always disappointing 
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 
anything fresh 
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea 
clever and subtle 
comes along every day 
the small , human moments 
very compelling , 
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . 
capture the minds and hearts of many 
is he has no character , loveable or otherwise 
the 3-d vistas from orbit 
may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie 
they will have a showdown 
toothless 
would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny 
make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie 
love-struck 
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- 
trite and overused 
me no lika da accents so good , 
be interested in knowing any of them personally 
the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers 
a marvel 
are tops 
some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , 
should be tried as a war criminal 
clunky tv-movie approach 
obstacles 
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , 
acted by a british cast to rival gosford park 's . 
pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success 
duds 
tiresome jargon 
can easily worm its way into your heart 
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . 
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts 
carnage and 
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and 
is by far the worst movie of the year . 
silly and overwrought 
personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral 
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids 
a more credible script , 
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you 
drama . 
too bland to be interesting 
of a frustrating misfire 
the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . 
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . '' 
a riveting story well told . 
the pseudo-educational stuff 
a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill 
at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes 
most brilliant 
in love with myth 
seem like mere splashing around in the muck 
we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick 
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed . 
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich 
strip 
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie 
number 1 
artificial 
oo many of these gross out scenes 
you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied 
is definitely a director to watch 
romantic thriller 
dysfunctional parent-child relationship 
no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight 
sermonize 
delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . 
dramatic 
imax sound system 
's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow 
severe flaws 
scoring high 
belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) 
gluing you to the edge of your seat 
the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation 
that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny 
adds substantial depth 
female friendship , 
vivacious 
deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 
winner 
's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness 
a welcome relief 
by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 
is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 
adding 
break free of her old life 
he script is n't up to the level of the direction 
works as pretty contagious fun . 
by now intolerable morbidity 
everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull . 
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly 
demeaning its subjects 
stylish but steady 
is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . 
of the insurance actuary 
the best performance 
outright newness 
astonishing voice cast 
chilling , and affecting study 
about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern 
was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention . 
of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project 
balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . 
fairly uneventful and 
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense 
, duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper . 
to the movie 's rude and crude humor 
is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 
somewhat flawed , 
the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 
may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother . 
's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience . 
inexpressive 
, this nervy oddity , like modern art should . 
self-discovery 
filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 
silly and crude storyline 
the story relevant in the first place 
the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 
spite of it 
lacks it . 
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant 
brilliant and brutal 
two fine actors , morgan freeman 
the very hollowness 
the charisma and ability 
philosophical visual coming right 
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero . 
the pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners . 
enthusiastic audience 
funny and human and 
on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored 
are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable 
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ? 
might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 
attractive men 
the action clichés 
harrowing account 
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . 
hellish 
that both thrills the eye 
the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture 
her passionate , tumultuous affair 
the intentionally low standards 
mtv schmucks 
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast 
the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . 
is generally amusing from time 
the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series . 
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious 
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke 
a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction . 
, someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . 
norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced 
it wore me down 
gory mayhem '' 
an equally assured narrative coinage 
's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread 
masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' 
the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome 
has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . 
way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time 
has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made 
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels . 
will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment . 
pure composition and form 
and in the best way 
an intellectual exercise 
others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere . 
its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients 
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day 
offers big , fat , dumb 
revolutionary spirit 
... pitiful , slapdash disaster . 
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia 
his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality 
discordant 
their charisma 
rah-rah 
touching movie 
combined with the misconceived final 5 
, this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . 
should stick to his day job 
been given a part worthy of her considerable talents 
soulless jumble 
even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light 
horror 
good things to offer 
the price 
weaves us into a complex web 
who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain . 
the wobbly premise work 
crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope 
's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media 
messy and frustrating , 
volletta wallace 's maternal fury 
endeavors 
this seductive tease 
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; 
a charmer from belgium . 
who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek 
as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice 
is hardly journalism at all 
seem disappointing 
rich with human events 
the campy results make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . 
too many characters 
and narrative grace 
's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics . 
, incoherence and sub-sophomoric 
in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 
's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale . 
are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters . 
reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk 
that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it 
handheld 
... spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and 
like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud 
cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy 
at 90 minutes this movie is short 
will probably find it fascinating 
is unusual but unfortunately also irritating . 
provocative stuff 
answered yes , by all means 
but mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 
of the other foul substances 
ca n't rescue this effort . 
's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels . 
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and 
flashy 
tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price 
that will keep them guessing 
wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned 
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years . 
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept . 
is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls 
are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ... 
works on any number of levels 
-- and disposable story -- 
you 're in a slap-happy mood 
oblivious 
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , 
remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be 
your pooper-scoopers 
mess ... 
pleasure . 
is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential 
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers 
his most sparkling 
may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 
is a bore 
for true fans 
, shiri is a must for genre fans . 
bogs down in a surfeit of characters 
makes the same mistake as the music industry 
a filmmaker of impressive talent 
watered down the version of the one 
see this piece of crap 
i liked about schmidt a lot , 
have a tendency to slip into hokum 
to burn every print of the film 
teen-sleaze equivalent 
something that really matters 
crafted , 
at least one damn fine 
do n't want to think too much about what 's going on 
for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters 
one terrific story with lots of laughs 
scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play . 
heartfelt story 
a real story 
i do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ? 
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox . 
, dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters 
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love . 
can do even more damage 
george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension . 
so stunning 
it 's worth seeing 
works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun 
make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching . 
that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 
although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 
bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma . 
releasing 
, flawed humanity 
trying to have it both ways 
's not bad prose 
a consistent tone 
great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art 
's ` 
but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script 
given it a one-star rating 
he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and 
has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . 
's truly deserving of its oscar nomination 
the horrible pains 
is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory . 
's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style . 
somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard 
air of gentle longing 
symbolic 
with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline 
surprises you 
of epic scale 
atrociously 
`` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 
's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen 
a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny 
gay s/m fantasy 
to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue 
above the level of a telanovela 
's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters 
he brings together 
are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 
but none of which amounts to much of a story 
extraordinary debut from josh koury 
the call of the wild 
what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be 
cliched dialogue and 
an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense 
healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition 
a psychological mystery 
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while 
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them 
just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception 
original talent 
once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable . 
's worth taking the kids to 
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children . 
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters 
on this screenplay 
unexpected heights 
is not entirely successful 
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had . 
one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence 
is genial but never inspired , and little 
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up 
driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 
but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera 
comic possibilities 
an interested detachment 
watching a walk to remember 
it 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can . 
lots of laughs 
rewarded 
of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug 
the story compelling 
bear the laughter 
hands-on storytelling 
a big-budget/all-star movie 
spot on 
been a lighthearted comedy 
fails 
's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination 
missing a beat 
wit and interesting characters 
makes him the film 's moral compass 
trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now 
from any movie with a `` 2 '' 
resist 
happens to be that rarity among sequels 
squeeze the action and our emotions 
shunji iwai 's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan . 
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing . 
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , 
creepy and dead-on performance 
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera 
against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting 
unbelievably stupid 
the film 's final hour 
the gorgeous piano 
most inventive directors 
it 's smooth and professional 
wow fans 
that 's hardly any fun to watch 
cruel story 
of the most exciting action films 
predictably melodramatic . 
, the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 
anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take 
i imagined a movie ever could be 
commands attention 
stylized swedish fillm 
good chance 
's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles 
with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 
a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional 
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films 
offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject 
audience award 
once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny 
a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 
can trust 
represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken 
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and 
... is at 22 a powerful young actor . 
as sharp or as fresh 
views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point 
is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , 
desperation and cinematic deception 
noble endeavor 
not exaggerated enough 
a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office 
succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth 
to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film 
the heroes of horror movies try to avoid 
halfwit 
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip . 
with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 
the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half 
that has nothing 
is cinema 
mean 
katzenberg 
unpredictable comedy 
it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net 
great cinematic polemic 
takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals 
humor and lightness 
, gangs excels in spectacle and pacing . 
has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate 
greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise 
talented cast 
present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness 
a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world . 
dimwits 
of the other 
bad clive barker movie 
are so old-fashioned 
we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire 
of the masterful british actor ian holm 
like a fish that 's lived too long 
this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget 
thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic . 
masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad 
an athlete , a movie star , and 
is no foundation for it 
a sweet-tempered comedy 
the term epic cinema 
so crisp and 
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book . 
, the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . 
it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 
a mystery devoid 
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year 
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational 
with a fresh point of view 
, eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 
wrong with that 
strangely schizo cartoon 
be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds 
unfilmable 
keep the film entertaining 
are fleshed-out enough to build any interest 
make like the title and dodge this one 
that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 
touched by the film 's conviction 
riveting performances 
let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists 
it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking 
it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy . 
a kind of abstract guilt 
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants 
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically . 
surprisingly juvenile 
as well as a masterfully made one 
the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and 
seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world 
be utterly entranced by its subject and 
that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated 
most magical and 
, everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill . 
sinks further and further 
well-mounted history lesson 
the adrenaline jolt 
will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget . 
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and 
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes 
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and 
deeply concerned with morality 
embarrassingly ham-fisted 
magic and whimsy 
may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry . 
, impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie . 
that a life like this can sound so dull 
the characters are intriguing and realistic 
movie sputters 
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good 
a humorless journey into a philosophical void . 
a decent tv outing 
confused , and totally disorientated 
growing strain 
skillfully 
does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is 
they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused 
bravery 
too crude to serve the work especially well 
acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation 
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar 
a high enough level of invention 
of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 
emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt 
eating , sleeping and stress-reducing 
for reverence and a little wit 
memories and one fantastic visual trope 
is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . 
intelligent subtlety 
a smile 
, i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . 
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , 
a bad movie , 
friendship , love , and the truth 
that few movies are able to accomplish 
be a straightforward bio 
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and 
smartly written motion picture 
it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows . 
otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés 
the film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . 
lot to recommend read my lips 
uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows 
as thought-provoking 
than to call attention to themselves 
showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 
a fresh view 
flat , flat dialogue 
the journey feel like a party 
( and beautifully edited 
transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories 
relevant today 
might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and 
a suspenseful spin 
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but 
for the character at all stages of her life 
a milquetoast movie 
this little-known story of native americans and 
there 's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles . 
tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 
not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted . 
humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 
presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet 
the light of the exit sign 
is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . 
that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating 
parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit 
would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . 
in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal 
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious . 
one part romance novel , 
gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington 
might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts . 
has a fluid , no-nonsense authority 
thrusts the audience 
are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film 
be as naturally charming as it needs to be 
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene 
of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition 
badly-rendered cgi effects 
relegated to the background -- a welcome step 
do with imagination 
, it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later . 
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . 
a loquacious and dreary piece of business . 
'' lacks in depth 
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 
most amazing super-sized dosage 
a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic . 
another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 
every aggrieved father cliché 
a warm , moving message 
that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep 
nice piece of work 
the best movies 
nothing special 
is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham . 
mess 
allowing us to find the small , human moments , 
fears 
to the point of nausea 
total misfire 
should have been made for the tube . 
`` catch me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . 
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen 
fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy 
like being trapped at a bad rock concert 
dreadful day 
striking a blow for artistic integrity 
's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism 
as one of the great films about movie love 
hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ... 
( a ) satisfying niblet . 
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged 
his most personal work yet . 
the movie 's progression into rambling incoherence 
what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip 
silly subplots 
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... 
signature style 
long and relentlessly saccharine 
equally derisive clunker 
does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter 
professionals 
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker 
presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 
positively shakesperean 
elegant technology 
overeager 
none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him . 
to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career 
offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux . 
winning performances 
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away . 
takes a fresh and absorbing look 
bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it 
collapses like an overcooked soufflé 
's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur . 
surprisingly shoddy 
be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film 
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo 
adultery 
ca n't deny its seriousness and quality . 
feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . 
after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood 
cinderella 
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 
worst of all -- 
effective if you stick with it 
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time . 
the marvelous verdu , 
irresistible package 
dialogue and inventive moments 
such an excellent job 
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , 
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching . 
insightful about kissinger 's background and history 
to do with 94 minutes 
some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge 
rotten in the state of california 
a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special . 
is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 
tardier 
delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride 
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience . 
you think , zzzzzzzzz 
are bad 
fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 
a simple `` goddammit 
it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump 
giggles and 
... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 
one of the more influential works 
a giddy and provocative sexual 
with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message 
has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation 
so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out 
really cool bit 
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor 
way off 
north or south vietnamese 
of nearly epic proportions 
modern art 
hopelessly 
all the demographically appropriate comic buttons 
muddy 
romantic 
truly excellent sequences 
the seemingly irreconcilable situation 
legs 
muddy psychological thriller 
very moving and revelatory 
several cliched movie structures 
care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 
is a pleasant enough dish . 
, well , funnier . 
is about as interesting 
boasts enough funny 
with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half 
full-bodied characterizations 
hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness 
it 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective . 
somewhat tired premise 
ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired 
a quaint , romanticized rendering . 
like a tired tyco ad 
especially grateful for freedom 
that seem so real in small doses 
strong and convincing performances 
undermining the movie 's reality and 
because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length 
the brilliance of animal house 
like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders 
so heartwarmingly 
wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways . 
this oddly sweet comedy 
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual 
even if it made its original release date last fall 
sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 
loosely tied 
with imbecilic mafia 
one of the better video-game-based flicks , 
a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith 's next movie . 
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... 
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette 
to create something original 
most thoughtful 
reached its expiration date 
to the point of distraction 
those exceedingly rare films 
that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other 
good romance 
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera 
never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . 
a fresh view of an old type 
the real thing 
into a mundane '70s disaster flick 
many ways the perfect festival film : 
* corpus and its amiable jerking 
that is richer than anticipated 
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america . 
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act 
meyjes 's movie , like max rothman 's future , does not work . 
is well 
after a while 
, state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 
deftly executed 
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set . 
inside unnecessary films 
concrete story and definitive answers 
to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' 
that it goes nowhere 
phrase ` life affirming ' 
nonstop hoot 
a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters 
horrifyingly 
joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins 
it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . 
mined his personal horrors and 
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but 
formulaic and forgettable 
and funky look 
's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary . 
-- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 
an unexpectedly sweet story 
numbness 
attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel 
whose cumulative effect is chilling 
more adventurous 
just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity 
frequent laughter 
reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness 
brisk hack job . 
addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage 
the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes 
k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low . 
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids 
will probably 
lurid and less 
edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 
the music makes a nice album 
admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time . 
his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters 
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , 
delightfully charming -- 
an unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode . 
a transparently hypocritical work 
george 's haplessness 
as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist 
this poor remake 
as averse as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , this one got to me . 
is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 
made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 
grows monotonous 
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message 
egypt from 1998 
of purpose 
a fresh point 
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea 
is filled with strange and wonderful creatures 
that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane 
its faults 
weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past 
that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison 
idol 's 
make the formula feel fresh 
may be a bit disjointed 
what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 
a conventional , but well-crafted film 
the same old story 
blood-curdling family intensity 
will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . ' 
lulls you 
try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 
fresh , 
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat 
communicates something 
the movie you 're looking for 
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone . 
a good noir 
one feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism . 
there is little else to recommend `` never again . '' 
gleefully 
in its perfect quiet pace 
rich and sudden 
uni-dimensional 
the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby 
wildly popular vin diesel 
the metaphors are provocative , 
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film 
both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable 
of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film 
faithful portraiture 
watch , giggle and get 
unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two 
lovely and beautifully 
for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . 
stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 . 
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids 
mediocre movie 
notorious reputation 
transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 
it 's hard not to be carried away 
technically proficient and without the pop-up comments 
rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 
a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success 
fairly run-of-the-mill . 
be a breath of fresh air 
such a gloriously goofy way 
ultimate imax trip 
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale . 
this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen . 
it preaches 
do n't make movies like they used to anymore 
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery 
of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes 
's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction 
kills every sense of believability 
loosely connected 
recommend this film more 
shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life . 
one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep 
race splitting 
fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd 
misguided acts of affection 
compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity 
despite the surface attractions 
fright 
eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes 
assured , vital 
best irish sense 
ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . 
a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him 
turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count 
has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . 
an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 
the sheer ugliness of everything else 
first-rate cast 
the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative 
listless and desultory affair 
editorial process 
real winner 
unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie 
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and 
crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance 
wit and hoopla 
if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine 
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending 
many bona fide groaners among too few laughs 
florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama 
shame on writer/director vicente aranda 
meandering and pointless 
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner 
it would be 
forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting 
also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american 
from films crammed with movie references 
that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere 
injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater 
the following things are not at all entertaining : 
watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights 
small in scope , 
vividly back 
beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game 
often-hilarious farce 
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring . 
genre-busting 
's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone 
i was expecting 
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness 
humor and 
rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love 
nemesis 
for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse 
is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . 
its smallness 
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller 
brings out the allegory with remarkable skill 
replacing john carpenter 's stylish tracking shots 
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations 
sour little movie 
feminist empowerment tale thinly 
often surprising twists and 
an intriguing story 
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker 
teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside 
is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue 
herzog has fallen 
` hungry-man portions of bad ' 
is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) , 
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but 
an engaging and moving portrait 
my only complaint 
one resurrection too many . 
is extraordinarily good . 
trudge out of the theater feeling 
to question why somebody might devote time to see it 
emotionally desiccated 
becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion 
the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals . 
takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance 
of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes 
i liked about it 
a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists 
a little more humanity 
'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment 
below is well below expectations . 
so compelling 
generous and subversive 
every visual joke is milked 
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients 
ear-pleasing songs 
leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion 
the film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed . 
too shallow for an older one . 
as simple self-reflection meditation 
inventive , 
's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama . 
of the highest and the performances 
a crucial third act miscalculation 
overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . 
first mistake 
thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another 
criticism 
recommend 
, you 'll still have a good time . '' 
unendurable 
enhanced 
new benchmark 
in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you 
told with competence 
it can be a bit repetitive 
a companionable couple 
blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering 
impressive fake documentary 
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is . 
of the most inventive 
radioactive hair 
can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter . 
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , 
a return to form for director peter bogdanovich 
his latest effort , 
fiercely intelligent and 
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , 
jaw-dropping 
be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy 
pay money for what we can get on television for free 
funny moment 
a biting satire 
as funny 
does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy 
shallow and glib 
meandering , low on energy , 
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs. sever , were made for the palm screen 
, deceit and murder 
a rather brilliant little cult item : 
where story is almost an afterthought 
arguably the best script that besson has written in years . 
hilariously , gloriously alive , 
is a truly , truly bad movie . 
, fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . 
alive 
the director 's experiment 
is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe 
faked 
with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn 
engages 
it 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one . 
misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche 
makes martha enormously endearing 
absolute joy 
her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 
also treats the subject with fondness and respect 
genuinely witty 
a lively and engaging examination 
it magic 
more than recycled jock 
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers 
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could 
` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . 
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing 
for self-deprecating comedy 
what he 's already done way too often 
in all the best possible ways 
what a concept 
not-at-all-good 
directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them 
scenic splendor 
huppert ... is magnificent 
intrigue 
you 'll know a star when you see one . 
, it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . ' 
'd rather watch them on the animal planet 
the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' 
must shoot it in the head 
's an entertaining movie 
introspective portrait 
knockoff . 
are totally estranged from reality . 
's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument 
being able to give full performances 
one of french cinema 's master craftsmen 
aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit . 
is barely an hour long . 
seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony . 
adolescents will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . ' 
is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes 
's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do . 
it 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit . 
little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and 
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart . 
miss you . 
good material 
faint of heart or conservative of spirit 
violent 
a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness . 
one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films 
brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal 
that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of 
have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams 
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie . 
have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood 
not that funny 
get him a few laughs but nothing else 
greatest musicians 
talk to her is so darned assured 
lame 
all the more remarkable because it 
urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte 
work up 
enjoyed it just 
a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all 
promises a new kind of high 
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing 
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time 
actually has something interesting to say 
into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller 
the writing is indifferent , 
is n't quite out of ripe 
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck 
, its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . 
it struck a chord in me 
manages to be even worse than its title 
incapable of controlling his crew 
the film can depress you about life itself . 
the better film 's 
a joint promotion 
is repetitious 
satisfying well-made romantic comedy 
new york metropolitan area 
engaging and moving portrait 
the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore 
work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' 
wholesome fantasy 
called the best korean film of 2002 
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , 
hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 
, achingly human 
is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count . 
is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film 
highly-praised 
effective portrait 
they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . 
plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up 
are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry . 
of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film 
spectator 
its premise is smart , but 
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags 
that proceeds 
ambiguous 
schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle . 
biographical fantasia 
flat , 
breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 
at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered 
to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out 
both shallow and dim-witted 
's also uninspired 
quality 
honoring 
's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre 
both people 's capacity 
ca n't wait to see end . 
is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' 
must indeed 
baked cardboard 
underwhelming 
susan 
likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses 
to leave this loser 
depressing 
one sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot . 
riveting story 
have been the ultimate imax trip 
too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen 
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . 
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream 
cool visual backmasking 
lends itself to easy jokes and insults 
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style . 
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths . 
leather 
the old saying goes , because it 's true 
recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes 
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't 
is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . 
a listless climb 
the plot ` surprises 
of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief 
they so heartwarmingly motivate 
the wit 
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative 
despite modest aspirations 
that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it 
one fantastic ( and educational ) 
'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . 
that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that 
make the stones weep -- as shameful as it 
to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii 
talented friends 
accomplishes 
the script ? 
, it 's not half-bad . 
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands . 
totally exemplify 
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent . 
presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale 
loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion 
this terrific film 
dialog between realistic characters 
nothing about crime 
pseudo-philosophic 
it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . 
with cardboard characters and performers 
a good match of the sensibilities of two directors 
stirring visual sequence 
of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears 
discursive 
enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins 
the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original 
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i 'm all for that 
got me grinning 
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast 
becomes predictably conventional . 
does n't drag an audience down 
is a good one 
hate 
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film . 
insufferably naive . 
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... 
has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) 
never comes close to being either funny or scary 
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project 
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable 
- west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . 
`` un-bear-able '' project 
the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations 
a chocolate 
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , 
me without you has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . 
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film . 
from firing on all cylinders 
very good comedic songs 
it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such 
of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 
needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds 
... continue to impress 
like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film 
already overladen with plot conceits 
's not too much of anything 
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) 
hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 
necessary to document all this emotional misery 
twisted sense 
easy sanctimony 
precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family . 
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery 
than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 
the pratfalls but little else 
loves them to pieces 
japan bustling 
a hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped . 
landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs 
the vital comic ingredient 
'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment 
schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view . 
'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama 
a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place 
, incomprehensible , vicious and absurd 
if you like peace , you 'll like promises . 
it 's not very well shot or composed or edited 
that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies 
i ca n't wait to see what the director does next 
takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women 
foundering performance 
if you saw it on tv , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 
a smart new comedy 
makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish 
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years 
, they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either . 
insightfully written 
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character 
a thrill ride 
is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride . 
a sentimental hybrid 
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers 
so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness 
a mundane '70s disaster flick 
cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 
sanctimonious , self-righteous and 
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers . 
such message-mongering moralism 
putrid 
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it . 
holds the screen like a true star . 
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie . 
rises to a higher level 
with tremendous skill 
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects . 
weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , 
an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic 
several cliched movie structures : the road movie 
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital 
who is chasing who or 
clichéd 
is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk 
already tired 
the ridicule factor 
... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny . 
an awful lot like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . 
, fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 
, the four feathers comes up short 
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid . 
emphasizing 
so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 
as in the songs translate well to film 
a masterpiece -- and 
a fiercely clever and subtle film , 
shoddy product 
walk to remember 
pure movie 
the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors 
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected . 
scathingly witty 
a dazzling dream of a documentary 
much interest 
refreshed and 
's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness . 
it 's far tamer than advertised 
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so 
a satisfying summer blockbuster and 
wonderful thing 
it 's a very sincere work , 
, you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine . 
comedy and melodrama 
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low 
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and 
there is a great deal of fun . 
for a silly hack-and-slash flick 
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment . 
grow impatient 
this well-meaning , beautifully produced film 
about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity 
a clear-eyed chronicle 
... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet . 
amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances . 
around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's 
most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 
like an overcooked soufflé 
often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen 
more damning 
pitiful 
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey . 
largely devoid 
a lighthearted comedy 
it does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events . 
works so well 
rises to its clever what-if concept . 
that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 
that grew hideously twisted 
as beautifully shaped and 
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and 
are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk . 
is one of the biggest disappointments of the year 
is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit 
impressively true for being so hot-blooded 
its predictability 
the joie de vivre even as he creates 
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison . 
witty and 
far funnier 
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs 
jae-eun jeong 's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema . 
are both excellent , 
that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not 
the stylistic rigors 
the occasional bursts 
a delicious , quirky movie 
little more than punishment 
amuse or entertain them 
action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest 
endearing , masterful 
the picture is so lovely toward the end 
by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull 
there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable . 
honest 
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say 
is so earnest in its yearning for the days 
a minimalist beauty and 
loneliness can make people act weird 
scummy 
to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances 
as bad as you think 
at the very least 
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and 
surprising , subtle 
seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers 
huge box-office 
, this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . 
splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us 
, scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys 
the bravery and dedication 
our moviemakers 
's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something 
as the most offensive action 
crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary . 
did n't have an original bone in his body 
questionable kind 
the butt 
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling . 
this silly little puddle of a movie 
recycled 
simple in form but rich with human events 
, the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 
three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot 
disjointed mess 
inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 
most slyly exquisite 
loopy 
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story 
that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation 
the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge 
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves 
has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf 
no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg 
are puerile 
confuses its message with an ultimate desire 
shallow and immature character 
a brazenly misguided project 
, it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . 
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful . 
cold movie 
's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again 
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause 
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags . 
with an utterly incompetent conclusion 
pure hollywood 
strolls 
created a substantive movie 
it is not worth 
a truly larger-than-life character 
larger-than-life figure 
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but 
could be a passable date film 
stirs us as well 
demonstrate their acting ` chops ' 
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and 
crisp and 
it does n't leave you with much . 
any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect 
can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality 
built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids 
heady jumble 
` just letting the mountain tell you what to do 
the crassness of this reactionary thriller 
for philosophers , not filmmakers 
the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie 
a feel-good movie 
a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 
his life , his dignity and his music 
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 
a new benchmark for lameness 
a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for 
has a solid emotional impact 
documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it 
freeman ca n't save it 
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . 
a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age 
see a better thriller 
are clinically depressed and 
for fun-seeking summer audiences 
a chilling movie 
the top of their lungs 
he 's afraid of his best-known creation 
could n't come up with a better script . 
a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time 
, the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 
compelling , gut-clutching piece 
of musical passion 
will have a great time 
smoke signals 
to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations 
loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel 
pays earnest homage to turntablists 
both heartbreaking 
by shooting itself in the foot 
delightfully rendered 
elaborate 
makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film 
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and 
are beautifully 
includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' 
a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere . 
intelligent and moving 
stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 
of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days 
it 's so not-at-all-good 
a walk to remember '' 
that kind of impact on me these days 
starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery 
exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit 
you 're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol 
than the first 30 or 40 minutes 
minor-league 
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` memento '' 
can feel the love 
the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks 
opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 
not constant bloodshed 
devastated by war , famine and poverty and 
a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater 
ebullient tunisian film 
flatulence 
the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself 
particularly amateurish episode 
the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker . 
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con . 
wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ... 
wang ) 
the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times 
does n't really know or care about the characters , 
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . ' 
is pretty damned funny . 
dull and 
excellent job 
that really gives the film its oomph 
with a better script 
is easily as bad at a fraction the budget 
early work 
a better movie 
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but 
real writer plot 
ability to shock and amaze 
to be spectacularly outrageous 
does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness 
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , 
of clean and sober 
stereotypes 
stolid remake 
refuses to evaluate his own work 
yawn-provoking little farm melodrama . 
callow rich boy 
we are undeniably touched . 
is , however , 
the sum 
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- 
have potential 
that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 
to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them 
i love it ... hell , i dunno . 
splendid actors 
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities . 
` if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . ' 
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life 
to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 
powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 
for an unfocused screenplay 
clichés , 
make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom 
as lame and sophomoric 
none of the happily-ever 
first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer . 
have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but 
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but 
disagree 
suited 
this movie is to be cherished . 
groggy 
the distinct and very welcome sense 
mike shoots and scores 
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era 
it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action 
desiccated 
as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs 
love . 
a damn fine and 
the artwork is spectacular and 
depressing than entertaining 
this stuck pig 
that the franchise 's best years are long past 
utter mush ... 
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch 
that 's pure entertainment 
strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 
comedically labored 
fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second 
editing and pompous references 
exploitative for the art houses and 
with a core of decency 
does n't add anything fresh to the myth 
sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions 
that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable 
is rather unexceptional 
yawning 
made a movie that is n't just offensive 
beautifully crafted and brutally honest 
's not very good 
'' never cuts corners . 
get your money back 
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record . 
expert fighters 
's never dull and always looks good . 
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore . 
kooky which should appeal to women 
growth 
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , 
usually dread encountering the most 
real heroism and abject suffering 
based on stock clichés 
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note . 
a clever script and 
disconnects every 10 seconds 
an uneasy mix 
fast and funny 
a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides 
in the knowledge imparted 
presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation . 
impresses 
's his strongest performance since the doors 
( has ) an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 
a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone 
keenly observed and 
... might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ? 
it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies 
no quarter to anyone 
excitement in manufactured high drama 
refreshingly smart and newfangled variation 
car wreck 
the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers 
a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days 
as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese 
's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful 
the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol 
that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' 
seems aware of his own coolness 
action-packed 
strong and convincing 
on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play . 
nothing but an episode of smackdown ! 
to merely bad rather than painfully awful 
how i killed my father compelling 
indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out . 
, it throws you for a loop . 
torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera 
that most frightening of all movies 
evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun . 
with fewer gags to break the tedium 
to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen 
if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition 
unsatisfying 
film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days 
, political intrigue , partisans and sabotage 
colorfully 
's a dull girl , that 's all . 
astonish 
of particular value or merit 
's great cinematic polemic 
mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 
perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going . 
by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over 
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy 
need of some trims and 
as banal as the telling may be 
porno 
a technically superb film 
that 's where the film ultimately fails 
is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . 
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking 
does n't take itself so deadly seriously 
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments 
robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show . 
the year 's greatest adventure , and 
, maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master 
a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people 
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy . 
despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults 
has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience 
kind , unapologetic , 
jolie 's hideous yellow ` do 
the energetic frontman 
rather toothless take 
intriguing and honorable , 
generosity and diplomacy 
one very funny joke and 
returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power 
it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it 
excruciatingly unfunny and 
eerily accurate depiction of depression 
a fluid and mesmerizing sequence 
a rip-off 
dim-witted and lazy 
mature 
a brilliant piece of filmmaking 
feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs . 
a new , or inventive , journey 
fascinating little tale 
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for 
a film with contemporary political resonance 
many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs . 
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid . 
the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable . 
an uninspired preachy and clichéd war film . 
the visual panache , the comic touch , 
credible account 
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king . 
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration 
is remarkably dull with only caine 
none-too-funny commentary 
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor . 
gates 
seen to better advantage on cable 
almost mystical work 
... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story . 
emptiness 
pompous and garbled . 
more than a whiff of exploitation 
, color and cringe 
... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 
lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments 
art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema . 
one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them 
received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film 
more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . 
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense 
stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 
will make you laugh 
's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films 
's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting 
oral storytelling frozen onto film 
, de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . 
me feeling refreshed and hopeful 
all-woman 
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film 
most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films 
a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower 
story is almost an afterthought 
to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 
for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks 
sent back to the tailor for some major alterations 
trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 
infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent 
can be made on the cheap 
talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate 
low comedy does n't come much lower . 
cumbersome 
who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 
finds its humor 
a prolific director of music videos 
deserve better 
childish 
, with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers . 
is lacking any real emotional impact 
littered with celluloid garbage 
manages sweetness 
can actually feel good 
usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona 
most charmless 
this strenuously unconventional movie 
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast 
we ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . 
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog 
hyper-artificiality 
doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents 
vivid 
too much exploitation 
channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine 
's updating works surprisingly well . 
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . 
light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat 
into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto 
an enjoyable above average summer diversion 
evocative imagery 
that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong 
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work . 
plays like a bad soap opera 
big screen magic 
narc is all menace and atmosphere . 
're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic 
less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 
rubbish 
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written 
enlightened 
extreme action-packed film 
in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality 
bad direction and bad acting -- 
's too harsh 
will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating 
well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin . 
this often-hilarious farce 
murderer 
a step in the right direction 
missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play 
the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie 
is terrific 
written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit 
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least . 
fascinating , bombshell documentary 
the city 's old-world charm 
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- 
invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series 
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but 
you 'll cheer . 
dodge 
misses its emotions 
been edited at all 
witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . 
an impressive job 
ayatollah 
the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem 
a solid base 
two-bit potboiler . 
in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug 
undramatic 
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america . 
a splash even greater 
, there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy 
intricately 
's better 
violent and mindless 
no psychology here , and no real narrative logic 
is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 
without intent 
, it 's kinda dumb . 
witless 
( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 
the wonderful cinematography 
remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to 
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations . 
that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off 
is too crazy to be interesting 
a gorgeously strange movie 
may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . '' 
for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference 
in a big corner office in hell 
high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time 
in ( the characters ' ) misery 
the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals 
a sly female empowerment movie 
of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking 
retread , 
maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral 
transcends ethnic lines 
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin 
appreciation 
you 're gon na like this movie . 
, spicy footnote 
an energetic , violent movie 
just zings along with vibrance and warmth . 
propulsive 
does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen 
vaunted empathy 
witty , whimsical feature 
an overflowing septic tank 
of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity 
many a hollywood romance 
understated performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career . 
intriguing bit 
strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time 
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- 
this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 
matches about it . 
a personal low for everyone 
creepy stories 
, like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . 
a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly 
intelligent , well-made b movie 
nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . 
all the stronger because of it 
jump-in-your-seat 
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven 
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood 
's very much like life itself 
elegantly produced and expressively performed 
its predecessors proud 
great character interaction . 
be a single iota worse 
be distinguished from a mediocre one 
few ` cool ' actors 
wild comedy 
an avid interest in the subject 
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way 
cinematic fluidity and sense 
it 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn . 
`` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 
ponderous and charmless 
another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees 
no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half . 
... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels . 
proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . 
of privileged moments and memorable performances 
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast 
like horrible poetry 
at the mercy of its inventiveness 
makes it worth checking out at theaters 
most intriguing movie experiences 
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on . 
is terrific , 
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story 
they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . 
have made it an exhilarating 
a backseat in his own film 
creative , energetic and original 
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation 
a few laughs 
should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows 
religion that dares to question an ancient faith 
that matters 
ditched the artsy pretensions 
totally unexpected directions 
where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug 
is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show 
to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses 
is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america 
impressive talent 
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but 
john hughes comedy 
of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs 
i certainly ca n't recommend it 
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring . 
, the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching . 
style , structure and rhythms 
's defiantly and delightfully against the grain 
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often 
, sorrow , laugther , and tears 
it 's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough . 
tends to plod . 
have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture 
be patient with the lovely hush 
restrictive and chaotic 
except : film overboard 
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks . 
... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . ' 
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism 
left with a sour taste in your mouth 
has done the nearly impossible 
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and 
is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues 
convincing impersonation 
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is ! 
rough-trade homo-eroticism 
races and rackets 
we delight in the images 
a sentimental mess that never rings true . 
aesthetic experience 
start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line . 
elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy 
movie version 
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance . 
quirky and recessive charms 
dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year 
innovative ' and ` realistic ' 
arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel 
a moving and weighty depiction of one family 
is as delightful as it is derivative . 
dreadful romance . 
, at last count , numbered 52 different versions 
lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context . 
ick 
feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun . 
rumor 
engaging film 
boys ' 
is doomed by its smallness 
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty 
sophisticated and surprising 
from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 
remarkable performances 
tepid and tedious 
, about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . 
that does the nearly impossible 
, it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 
a rather listless amble 
if good-hearted , movie . 
the most wondrous love story in years 
may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form 
i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance . 
the yawning chasm where the plot should be 
a trend 
say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful 
is entirely appealing as pumpkin 
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience . 
is high on squaddie banter 
even at its worst , it 's not half-bad . 
to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 
most aggressive and most sincere 
dreary tale 
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject . 
of the most interesting writer/directors 
's not only dull 
it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 
nalin 
of humankind 's liberating ability 
the film 's considered approach 
her childlike smile 
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting 
left a few crucial things out 
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares 
, there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 
erotic 
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching 
( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional , 
much needed 
gently comic even as the film breaks your heart 
'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair 
entertains not 
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating . 
cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement . 
prostituted muse 
wo n't be sorry 
was going to be really awful 
-- and gross 
that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for 
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life . 
crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs . 
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . 
distressing 
a hilarious ode 
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery 
is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction 
not amused by the sick sense of humor 
, shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . 
law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed 
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so 
fragmentary narrative style 
into some univac-like script machine 
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther 
a decent popcorn adventure 
as a film director , labute continues to improve . 
as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system 
luscious 
the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 
pale script 
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it 
taboo 
a passion for the material 
, tortured 
the movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh . 
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull 
of relentlessly nasty situations 
every shot enhances the excellent performances 
, the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . 
the utter authority of a genre gem 
give full performances 
mindless action 
when it is n't merely offensive 
made the full monty a smashing success 
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming 
scare any sane person away 
as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects 
tiresome as 9 
quite a vision 
most repellent things 
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short . 
uselessly redundant and 
to do that is really funny 
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance 
she 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness . 
unfortunately , it runs for 170 
we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life 
suffers from all the excesses of the genre 
that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time 
love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . 
where nothing really happens . 
a calm , self-assured portrait 
good alternative 
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story . 
, storytelling is far more appealing 
enough 
that would have made vittorio de sica proud 
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs . 
look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage 
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air 
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart 
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending . 
nothing short of a great one 
once playful and haunting 
a talky bore 
a prolific director 
is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be 
, giggly little story 
that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 
never seems hopelessly juvenile . 
posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse 
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other 
it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 
's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted 
will probably be a talky bore 
a cute alien creature 
, far more meaningful story 
green is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 
incredibly 
banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad 
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely 
naiveté and sophistication 
if you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us . 
'm not 
muddy sound 
jams too many prefabricated story elements 
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . 
you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . 
things will turn out 
beauty 
completely misses its emotions 
has a film used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . 
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic 
rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 . 
the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . 
is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt . 
there 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie . 
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing . 
rather tired 
which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening 
canny crowd pleaser 
bits funnier 
of piffle 
affirms 
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . 
mention `` solaris '' five years from now and 
garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work . 
cranky adults 
with impressive results 
vibrantly colored 
his lack of self-awareness 
classical 
awakening and ripening 
the real-life story is genuinely inspirational 
and sublime music 
one summer film that satisfies 
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr . 
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here 
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least . 
funny , charming and quirky 
as it is , it 's too long and unfocused . 
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets 
reprehensible 
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp 
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual . 
rip-roaring 
into the trap of pretention 
it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity 
deeply unpleasant experience 
, xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement . 
the compelling historical tale 
does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 
of misogyny and unprovoked violence 
by bad luck and their own immaturity 
overly convenient 
it 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages . 
originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller . 
a warmth 
will keep them awake 
i liked the movie , but 
is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights . 
straightforward , emotionally honest manner 
of a-list brit actors 
surprisingly charming and 
-- do n't worry 
is rote spookiness 
there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 
` moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . ' 
for an eagerness 
far short 
pros 
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing . 
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque 
plain , unimaginative 
punitive minutes 
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , 
a good surprise ending 
of dazzling entertainment 
to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style 
give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances 
few good ideas 
for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats 
well-made evocation 
go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery 
a charmer from belgium 
its visual appeal 
principled 
a collage of clichés and a dim 
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , 
the compassion , good-natured humor and 
same love story 
a great american adventure and 
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic 
a little more intensity 
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story 
skip 
an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes 
for only 71 minutes 
it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 
... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . 
by folks worthy of scorn 
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees . 
no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy 
both refreshingly different 
if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera . 
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera 
blandness 
proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be 
she is a lioness 
very talented young actors 
a domestic melodrama 
is truly funny , 
that perverse element 
flatter 
juice and delight 
as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes 
is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades 
rich in color and creativity 
that try too hard to be mythic 
you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . 
succeed merrily at their noble endeavor 
imagines 
is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings 
via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 
is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable 
this insufferable movie 
a breathtakingly assured and stylish work 
it is generally amusing from time to time 
snoozer . 
major problem 
cinematic punishment 
balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner 
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) 
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed 
thinly-conceived movie . 
the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them . 
energetic frontman 
to be bad 
hastily dubbed 
, thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . 
despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz 
is too short 
a very tasteful rock and roll movie 
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , 
bad imitation 
of malaise 
and verbal clichés 
never succeed in really rattling the viewer 
's well worth 
a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 
of humor , verve and fun 
ca n't support the epic treatment 
so unabashedly hopeful 
... another example of how sandler is losing his touch . 
the unfulfilling , incongruous , 
strain 
is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter 
matches the page-turning frenzy 
what 's missing 
it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 
of unsettling atmospherics 
predictable storyline and 
's not only dull because we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed 
dour 
a remarkable amount 
slip into hokum 
recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face 
is deeply concerned with morality 
hallmark card sentimentality and 
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her . 
the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass . 
sub 
impersonal , almost generic 
liveliness 
understated piece 
damned 
too simplistic to maintain interest 
magical enough 
a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still 
's an unhappy situation all around . 
of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt 
's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 
struggling 
substandard performances 
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here 
been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 
hits the bullseye 
the film is a hilarious adventure 
it does n't make for great cinema , 
troubled and determined homicide cop 
the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 
the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . 
has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 
it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation 
make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic 
is something of a triumph 
anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . ' 
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry . 
genuine love story 
mediocre 
crime expertly 
it 's not entirely memorable 
into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 
it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s 
well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 
outshined 
the script has less spice than a rat burger and 
it goes nowhere 
from the characters 
carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance . 
never loses its ability to shock and amaze . 
to come from an american director in years 
two whole hours 
the frustration , 
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos 
powerful and universal 
... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot . 
subtle , and resonant 
might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 
is to frighten and disturb 
wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step 
with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions 
thrills , too many flashbacks and 
devolves into the derivative 
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling 
are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis 
fun , popcorn movies 
, naturally dramatic 
a really long , slow and dreary time 
he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor 
that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy 
create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career 
peppered with false starts 
of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade 
signing 
not mean-spirited 
feels less like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy than a half-hearted fluke . 
vulgar and forgettably 
it 's a ripper of a yarn and 
jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier 
an imaginative filmmaker 
plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up . 
mordantly funny and intimately knowing 
thoughtful , unapologetically raw 
the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience . 
much like its easily dismissive 
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and 
of the best war movies ever made 
cheering 
left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism 
injects freshness and spirit 
collateral damage is trash 
commercialism all in the same movie 
may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families 
, he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 
's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . 
gags to break the tedium 
cinematic poem 
love robin tunney 
is its reliance on formula , though 
best rock 
you thought would leave you cold 
something provocative , rich , and strange 
this dreary mess 
dramatic arc 
is that it 's far too sentimental 
with poetic force and buoyant feeling 
joyous 
an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war 
honest , sensitive story 
the worst movies of one year 
up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah 
the extent to which it succeeds 
more mature than fatal attraction , 
figures prominently in this movie , 
touched 
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing 
that are as valid today 
of criminals 
simplistic and more than a little pretentious 
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda . 
wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films 
engaging as it is revealing 
shows off a lot of stamina and vitality 
the filmmaking in invincible 
although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . 
, visually graceful 
staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films 
this is pure , exciting moviemaking . 
all-star 
firing on all cylinders 
is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn 
stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic . 
... very funny , very enjoyable ... 
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and 
in its own way 
wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 
it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head 
of a golden book sprung to life 
particularly innovative 
flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion 
demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world 
consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay . 
meandering and confusing . 
feels homogenized and a bit contrived 
engrossing melodrama 
, we 'd prefer a simple misfire . 
i 've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ... 
that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british 
the self-destructiveness 
last-place basketball 
fine performance 
directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made 
at their noble endeavor 
could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies 
superior horror flick 
of the hilarious writer-director himself 
its director could ever have dreamed 
on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza 
b movie 
awful complications 
the courage of its convictions and 
fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema 
like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' 
enjoy seeing how both evolve 
needed . 
is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work 
, hole-ridden plotting 
to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something 
hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art 
is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet 
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since sept. 11 ) 
thrills and extreme 
's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager 
most breezy movie 
like a 10-course banquet 
period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans 
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults . 
nasty comedy 
mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- 
speaks volumes , 
never becomes claustrophobic 
fascinating look 
offbeat humor , amusing characters 
is actually quite entertaining 
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , 
can out-bad-act the other 
the touch is generally light enough 
sword-and-sorcery 
the movie as a whole 
genuine insight into the urban heart 
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china 
good-natured and 
he has no clue about making a movie 
high water mark 
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me 
hip ' 
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up . 
the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive 
not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 
magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy 
the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen 
has never been smoother or more confident 
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 
most repugnant 
, the movie is certainly easy to watch . 
unfunny wannabe 
ugly as the shabby digital photography 
eventually cloying pow drama . 
one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema 
begins to resemble the shapeless , 
which fails to rise above its disgusting source material 
the outstanding soundtrack 
the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult 
attractive and 
almost as offensive as `` freddy 
utterly misplaced earnestness 
's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 
weighs down his capricious fairy-tale 
to be a one-trick pony 
leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing . 
remain interested , or at least conscious 
pretty valuable 
own fear and paranoia 
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but 
futuristic women in skimpy clothes 
most substantial feature for some time 
those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart 
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , 
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching 
the intelligent , well-made b movie 
with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes 
'' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways 
wasting away 
their hearts in the right place 
overlong and not well-acted 
amours 
meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults 
does n't leave you with much 
seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine 
it 's up to ( watts ) to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe . 
quirky and taken with its own style 
it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . ' 
reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism 
astounding performance 
myers 
to infamy 
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr 
clotted 
bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some 
, human moments 
is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions . 
overstimulated 
enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens 
least accessible 
pretty much delivers on that promise . 
the waterlogged script 
own ambitious goals 
a ship as leaky 
a consummate actor incapable of being boring 
this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen . 
a remarkably faithful one 
is not the most impressive player 
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it . 
is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss 
... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows 
an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game 
if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us 
scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys 
to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish 
a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy 
the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats 
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' 
handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama 
suffers because of its many excesses 
its classical music 
whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball 
promising 
a compelling pre-wwii drama 
its crack cast 
, also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end 
that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure 
indie comedy 
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar 
term an `` ambitious failure 
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , 
the most unpleasant things the studio 
unflappable air 
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing . 
, still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema 
trite 
of the all-time great apocalypse movies 
grows thin soon 
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; 
sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead 
the campaign-trail press 
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . 
, a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , 
that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type 
there 's no place for this story to go but down 
, a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . 
it worth checking out at theaters 
a trove of delights 
this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 
's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance 
awful snooze . 
slopped ` 
coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots 
) gorgeous 
one carried by a strong sense of humanism 
vivid characters and 
ten 
does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 
notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips 
a blip 
to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 
, especially with the weak payoff 
this bitter italian comedy 
a film 's title served such dire warning 
under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name 
cgi effects 
strangely 
watching the proverbial paint dry 
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language . 
short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty . 
young man 's 
there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy 
ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 
plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world 
your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door 
outright bodice-ripper 
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer 
the ingenuity 
it 's simply unbearable 
by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 
it 's too long and unfocused . 
offers a desperately ingratiating performance 
had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility 
a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions 
packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message 
is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world . 
the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen 
it 's going to be a trip 
the act is still charming here . 
the comic elements of the premise 
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations 
to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 
up walking out not only satisfied but 
a meaty subject 
it 's not scary in the slightest . 
heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear 
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates . 
a funny little movie 
the unexplainable pain 
rude black comedy 
social and political potential 
one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another 
longer exposition sequences between them 
, mad love looks better than it feels . 
have given it a one-star rating 
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe 
a huge amount of the credit for the film 
a real filmmaker 
, ( ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation . 
am baffled by jason x. 
focus , point and purpose 
bombastic and ultimately empty 
extended dialogue exercise 
inventive , fun 
, miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 
toothless dog 
deceptions 
it works 
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy . 
disastrous ending 
watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel 
embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy 
-- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- 
aplenty 
do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage 
should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad 
sunny disposition 
the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special 
a moving picture that does not move . 
should see this movie 
shrill and 
the film 's reach exceeds its grasp 
utter cuteness 
is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be 
an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey 
an extraordinary faith 
puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . 
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book 
, memories and one fantastic visual trope 
is n't even a movie 
some laughs and a smile 
poetic symbolism 
a testament to the film 's considerable charm 
halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious 
a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary 
shows deft comic timing . 
to trivialize the material 
were written by somebody else 
provocative material 
across as shallow and glib though 
in making me groggy 
touching , transcendent love story 
foolish 
it too is a bomb . 
, mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well . 
would sink laurence olivier 
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love 
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out . 
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen 
a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula 
something has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise . 
for the future , one hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . 
like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 
a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 
anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels 
a ploddingly melodramatic structure 
, self-important stories 
much better documentary 
to gorgeous beaches 
predictable plotting and 
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes 
ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . 
and civic action laudable 
'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away . 
's not really funny 
vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition 
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) , has succeeded beyond all expectation . 
did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery 
this mess 
to a sunshine state 
a more mythic level 
then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear . 
to care about them 
look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices . 
flawless film 
funny little film 
dates 
the best sports movie i 've ever seen 
's defiantly and delightfully against the grain . 
is never clear . 
more precious than perspicacious 
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it 
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , 
i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint . 
that upends nearly every cliché 
emotional blandness 
looked uglier 
so-called satire 
pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel 
the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 
very sweet 
understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb 
the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder 
spielberg knows how to tell us about people . 
mysterious , sensual , 
look at morality , family , and social expectation 
harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style 
a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration 
vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all . 
his lack 
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery . 
're desperate for the evening to end . 
's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni 
the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense . 
which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies 
in reverse 
shining 
to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity 
than this hastily dubbed disaster 
obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered 
, sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . 
's fairly lame , 
a simple premise 
hilarious kenneth branagh 
awe-inspiring visual poetry 
that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard 
imagination 
to be ignored 
psychologically revealing . 
is clearly a good thing . 
that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 
to really care 
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , 
is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema 
murder 
the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) 
great performances , 
a riot 
being a complete waste of time 
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud . 
dim-witted 
it 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period 
two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress 
you will enjoy seeing how both evolve 
comes across as lame and sophomoric 
thin notion 
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh 
cuter 
the gorgeously elaborate continuation 
the incessant use of cell phones 
story to show us why it 's compelling 
as a surprisingly anemic disappointment 
a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs 
has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them 
's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team 
a winning family story 
impressive achievement 
feel-good 
phenomenal band 
begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 
the earnestness 
a generic international version 
do n't know what she 's doing in here 
tepid genre offering 
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick 
laughing 
20th 
its moment 
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains . 
which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) 
the brim with ideas 
local 
read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame 
an ironically killer soundtrack 
find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation 
an awkward hybrid 
paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor 
great performances , stylish cinematography and 
has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare 
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy 
an enjoyable comedy 
, the film is a good one 
their incessant whining 
does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this 
covered earlier and much better 
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough . 
brilliantly played 
too manipulative 
divine monument 
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself 
poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting 
more than a movie 
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . 
less funny than it thinks it is 
a comic book with soul 
catching solely on its visual merits 
wears out its limited welcome 
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 
hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own 
its own preciousness 
an enjoyable big movie 
rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season 
wildly overproduced , 
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 
a likable story , 
takes no apparent joy in making movies 
our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 
although what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films . 
grueling 
pretty 
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured . 
bitter and less mature 
assured 
i 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . 
wholesome 
mystical 
gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside 
corny television 
pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting 
neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief 
the movie is all portent and no content 
and it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it . 
's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions 
's a very very strong `` b + . '' 
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite . 
the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog 
felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world 
is one helluva singer 
take you places you have n't been , and also places you have 
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but 
is as often imaginative as it is gory 
helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying 
reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth 
that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 
of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much 
lionize its title character and exploit his anger 
such confidence 
songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . 
, it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . 
wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one 
endless 
terribly funny 
more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat 
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics 
sorry use of aaliyah in her one and 
in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue 
quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins 
i would go back and choose to skip it . 
deserves , at the very least , 
, this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 
painfully forced , false and fabricated 
to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists 
a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate 
while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie . 
are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field 
grips and holds you in rapt attention from 
right conditions 
a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle 
the barn-burningly bad movie 
grand as the lord of the rings 
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being . 
idiotic and ugly . 
the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry 
solidly entertaining and moving family drama 
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 
to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme 
disgusting 
has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents . 
word ` dog ' 
all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own 
it 's simply baffling 
eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made 
love 
draws you 
feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy 
its élan 
of a good time 
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- 
plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither 
emotionally belittle a cinema classic . 
the main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish . 
've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel 
that 's a liability . 
exceptional 
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , 
their cheap , b movie way 
that will amuse or entertain them 
` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . 
know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . 
dramaturgy 
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once 
an elegant work , food of love 
is an all-time low for kevin costner 
a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television 
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed . 
put through torture 
anything special , save for a few comic turns , 
bad luck and their own immaturity 
enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies 
with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 
dazzling panoramic shots 
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman 
manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material 
on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid 
eerily suspenseful 
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should . 
cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated 
every joke is repeated at least 
that interweaves individual stories 
sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? 
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way 
this movie 's got it 
it 's mission accomplished 
churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action 
writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon . 
from the people laughing in the crowd 
exploits ( headbanger ) stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter . 
scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug 
the film 's lamer instincts 
the tasteful little revision works 
brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense 
slap her 
worked better as a one-hour tv documentary 
elicit a chuckle 
there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better 
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering . 
a harrison ford low 
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard 
back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present 
with efficiency and an affection for the period 
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? 
animated epic 
precious little substance in birthday girl 
bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material 
sensual 
, cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 
a great combination act 
dull 
a 75-minute sample of puerile 
vibrant , colorful world 
any hollywood fluff 
its excellent use 
nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences 
amusing and engrossing 
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , 
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding . 
's more enjoyable than i expected , 
one of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends . 
engaging charisma 
captivating . 
only masochistic moviegoers need apply . 
but a little too smugly 
soulful , 
more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama 
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry 
the movie landscape 
have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own 
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life . 
live up to material 
deserves a look 
, broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 
wild 
does n't make much 
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball 
, you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . 
slump 
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain . 
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down . 
sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff 
, in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music 
drop your jaw 
behold in its sparkling beauty 
more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display 
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement . 
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid . 
a lower i.q. 
a very well-meaning movie , 
unfortunately also 
joyous , turbulent self-discovery 
left on a remote shelf indefinitely 
i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful . 
much as i laughed throughout the movie 
the misery 
the intrigue from the tv series 
, good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . 
is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 
strength 
rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long 
are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable . 
extraordinary dramatic experience . 
, this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . 
have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 
of a particularly nightmarish fairytale 
less charitable 
extremely well acted by the four primary actors 
another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate 
he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure 
overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities 
's a bargain-basement european pickup . 
an ebullient affection 
that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself 
a captivating and intimate study 
arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us . 
fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . 
to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 
uncluttered , resonant gem 
be delightfully compatible here 
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... 
a hint of humor 
plodding , peevish and gimmicky 
that 's neither completely enlightening 
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman 's similarly updated 1970 british production . 
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups . 
for good 
the formula feel fresh 
's both charming and well acted 
( and probably should have 
greatest natural sportsmen 
brought something fresher to the proceedings 
neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear 
built for controversy 
valentine 
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking . 
is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb . 
disquieting 
does n't cut it 
forcefully told , with superb performances throughout 
dreamlike ecstasy 
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy 
as naturally charming 
terminally bland , painfully slow 
none of the visual wit of the previous pictures 
oftentimes funny , 
will worm its way there 
unacceptable 
moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions . 
remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it 
a culture-clash comedy 
a film that loses sight of its own story . 
originality , humor and pathos 
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study 
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and 
botching a routine assignment 
naughty children 's 
of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic 
very well-written 
deeply absorbing 
did n't care 
much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 
works more often than it does n't 
viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 
baffled the folks in the marketing department 
make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience . 
terrible , banal dialogue 
sets this romantic comedy apart 
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... 
a movie instead of an endless trailer 
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame . 
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market . 
( a ) soulless , 
( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all 
, sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped . 
is a verbal duel between two gifted performers 
funniest and most likeable 
vacant 
racism and 
minutely detailed wonders 
too fast 
used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending 
gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . 
it 's so bad 
joyless 
, the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own . 
pulp melodrama 
kong action cinema 
yet engrossing piece 
appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up . 
a creepy , intermittently powerful study 
straight from the saturday morning cartoons 
landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs . 
come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals 
done that ... a thousand times 
bad run 
it 's a dish that 's best served cold 
banal dialogue 
some good , organic character work , 
you want the story to go on and on 
the e-graveyard 
with false starts 
without being insightful 
sad and rote exercise 
the `` a '' range 
a dark-as-pitch comedy 
drags the film down 
with real world events 
is gorgeously 
and ( too ) short 
hypocritical 
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life 
the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences 
its laid-back way 
have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet 
to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel 
is , in fact , so interesting 
of cheesy dialogue 
the movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth . 
you 're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri 
send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments 
seagal ran out of movies years ago , 
be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother 
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape 
a fresh , entertaining comedy that 
genuine heart 
dumbness 
is a distinct rarity , and an event . 
the earnest emotional core 
about the general absurdity of modern life 
would have saved this film a world of hurt . 
is gratefully received 
airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length 
the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop . 
his character awakens to the notion that to be human 
the unfulfilling , incongruous 
most deceptively amusing comedies of the year 
it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 
the screenplay or something 
disarmingly 
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given 
is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless 
gimmicky 
watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power . 
foolish choices 
a tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with 
, discontent , and yearning 
find an enthusiastic audience 
is bound to appreciate 
suitably kooky which should appeal to women and 
is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful 
clever and insightful 
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups . 
the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 
offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies 
the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic 
the easy emotional buttons 
a setup so easy it borders on facile 
though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his 
a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation 
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , 
a moving , if uneven , success 
of the theater 
reinvigorated the romance genre 
demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged 
makes up for with its heart . 
just is n't worth telling 
darned assured 
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm 
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more . 
the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and 
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time . 
rare insight 
is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor 
of the war 
victims 
take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act 
like quirky , slightly strange french films 
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional 
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers 
-- and disposable story 
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film . 
flatly 
be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 
98 
masochism 
a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies 
, but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored . 
accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people 
is plainly dull and visually ugly 
during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action 
savagely 
offers an unexpected window 
so poorly plotted and scripted . 
a bright , inventive 
favor 
it is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure ! 
tear your eyes away from the images 
a string of ensemble cast romances recently 
beginnings 
offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment 
valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious 
is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen 
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin 
larded with exposition 
captivating 
of useless actioners 
about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 
artless sytle 
under-rehearsed 
sports 
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing 
hates 
's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter . 
handles it in the most unexpected way 
organic 
the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people 
coming-of-age theme 
will no doubt 
deliciously 
the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking 
saves this deeply affecting film 
say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 
keep this fresh 
like arnold schwarzenegger 
is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay . 
beautifully 
especially fine 
's film ' in the worst sense of the expression . 
seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes 
, starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 
cinematography and exhilarating 
is somewhat satisfying 
ultimately , sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness . 
powerful documentary 
finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack . 
laid-back good spirits 
the movie is rather choppy . 
needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? 
, imaginative 
logic and misuse 
landmark 
are they like humans , only hairier 
borscht 
the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you 
happened to good actors 
an affection 
justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival 
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale 
of a culture in conflict 
has a solid emotional impact . 
a fair share 
for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view 
does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence . 
strange it is , but delightfully so . 
merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way 
obnoxious and didactic burlesque 
best part 
, yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . 
has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 
is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens 
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four . 
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective 
his self-inflicted retaliation 
cinematic art 
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed 
here leaves a lot to be desired 
, just for them 
have no affinity for most of the characters 
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 
it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while . 
by the sea would slip under the waves . 
find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter 
on top of a foundering performance , ( madonna 's ) denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 
which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 
scenes brim 
memorable first interrogation 
influence 
already relayed by superb 
lacks dramatic punch and depth . 
with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking 
see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence 
can you bear the laughter ? 
with good intentions 
was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 
the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 
reasonably creative 
chilling , and affecting 
it 's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making . 
a stab at soccer hooliganism 
weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids 
a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped 
he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees 
feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series 
offensive and 
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea . 
shockers since the evil dead 
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike . 
dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise 
but fun 
dramatic interest 
it 's pleasant enough 
superior crime movie 
delicious crime drama 
tortured husband 
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash 
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france 
could be a single iota worse ... 
are breathtaking 
a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started . 
it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored 
making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 
even though i could not stand them 
a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lost its edge . 
strong and 
that rare movie 
allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . 
embodies the transformation of his character completely . 
so much leniency 
clever script 
that makes you feel genuinely good 
nair 's attention to detail 
life 's wonderment 
particularly nightmarish 
been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf 
ultimately takes hold and grips hard . 
few points 
dreary tract 
discord 
's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective 
astounding on any number of levels 
the most magical and most fun family fare 
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption 
if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood 
the same old garbage 
we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at 
an esteemed writer-actor 
of awe 
discursive but oddly riveting documentary . 
turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic 
recommend big bad love 
the career peak 
a film living far too much in its own head 
conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 
what he does best 
surprising winner 
that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie 
ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling 
denuded 
( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment 
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze 
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it . 
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor 
some kind of goofy grandeur 
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm 
to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster 
that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to 
it may be a no-brainer 
the honor 
the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest 
one of the worst films of 2002 
had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters 
, comfortable 
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away 
left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity 
to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images 
is n't funny . 
very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut 
, the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic . 
the tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' 
an empty exercise , 
oddly sweet comedy 
one of the greatest films i 've ever seen . 
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism 
the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout 
, but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining 
totally disorientated 
their quirky inner selves 
practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over 
bruised 
perry 's good 
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge . 
he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy 
makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison 
has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism 
are up to the task 
'm all for that 
avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash 
a grand fart 
compassion , good-natured 
superficial humor 
idealistic kid 
plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . 
the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions 
this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes . 
's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one . 
does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films 
this is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live . 
satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood 
one moment 
proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations . 
seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover 
little more than a well-mounted history lesson . 
drag along 
great to begin with 
told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing 
reasonably entertaining sequel 
with her small , intelligent eyes 
debut effort by `` project greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish . 
elvira fans 
's on par with the first one 
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied 
burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored 
'll know a star when you see one . 
a charmer 
get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 
achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence 
an uncomfortable movie , 
just plain crap 
unbearable when it is n't merely offensive 
inane , humorless and under-inspired 
seen this summer 
is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses 
far-flung 
patchy combination 
is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil . 
an inuit masterpiece 
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen 
take credit for most of the movie 's success 
it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 
only the odd enjoyably chewy lump 
it 's still damn funny stuff 
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting 
that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride 
a sobering and powerful documentary 
's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive 
insignificance 
shrewd 
the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles 
my enjoyment 
... strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults . 
the princess seem smug and cartoonish 
an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes 
by the dynamic first act 
's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness 
elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect 
a stunning film , 
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half . 
charmer 
it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste . 
may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless 
coma 
yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie 
pizazz 
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters 
in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake 
the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay . 
thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer 
american blockbusters 
mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute 
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation . 
rare imax movie 
the only thing i laughed at 
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted 
as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . 
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching 
heaven 
, more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite 
off the path of good sense 
's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . 
the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady 
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out 
ethnic cleansing 
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not 
the humor is recognizably plympton 
too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff 
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare . 
going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films 
stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory . 
most fascinating stories 
a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story 
ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 . 
, retro uplifter . 
at the expense of character 
jay russell 
neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition 
whether we 're supposed to shriek 
this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature 
, it still seems endless . 
... what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be 
triple x 
us right into the center of that world 
to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once 
literally 
, e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career . 
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story 
well wrought 
into hogwash 
induces headaches 
a fresh way 
a ` direct-to-video ' release 
but dull and ankle-deep 
camouflaging grotesque narcissism 
wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise 
badder than bad 
bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals 
cast , but never quite gets off the ground 
pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy 
, grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other . 
are uniformly good 
is small in scope , yet perfectly formed . 
its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through 
best date movie 
director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie 
most entertaining moments 
of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes 
it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice . 
aging series 
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series 
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and 
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy 
grant is certainly amusing , 
first love sweetly 
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore 
those who do 
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music 
bogs down in a surfeit of characters and 
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be . 
have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching . 
it is a good and ambitious film 
rises above superficiality . 
likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy . 
everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays . 
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . 
very good film 
to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 
an epic four-hour indian musical 
failure . 
necessary and timely 
so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways 
is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy 
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless 
intermittently hilarious 
propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world 
hyper-realistic 
vanity project 
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . 
probably wo n't stand the cold light of day 
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it . 
one arresting image 
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films . 
extremely flat lead performance 
is n't much fun . 
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , 
i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care 
to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 
than losers 
it 's a talking head documentary , but a great one . 
crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 
tooled action thriller about love and terrorism 
incoherence and redundancy 
does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences 
constantly touching , 
bring their characters to life . 
hard , cold effect 
delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away 
has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie 
have been an eerie thriller 
ill-fitting 
the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that 's all that matters . 
hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles 
to life in the performances 
hollywood comedies such as father of the bride 
delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed 
a problem hollywood too long has ignored 
is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 
crash-and-bash 
will wind up as glum as mr. de niro 
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves . 
compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 
were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes 
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters 
's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting . 
as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do 
parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they 
, it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . 
's a brazenly misguided project 
real women have curves truly is life affirming 
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , 
most haunting about `` fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen . 
even better 
one reason it 's so lackluster 
long-lived friendships 
to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering 
`` gangs '' is never lethargic 
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well . 
the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan 
with table manners 
a tough pill to swallow 
run-of-the-mill 
is supposed to be madcap farce 
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed . 
grant is certainly amusing , but 
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness . 
the mark 
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , 
counter the crudity 
his cinematic vision 
with passable performances from everyone in the cast 
many genuine cackles 
the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies 
each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . 
it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . 
to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script 
that made it all work 
excellent use 
two star script 
goodfellas 
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium . 
reggio 's 
in other words , it 's just another sports drama/character study . 
long 
the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . 
a touching drama about old age and grief 
esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating . 
happiness 
feeble 
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , 
has little insight into the historical period and its artists , 
hawaiian setting 
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... 
a worthy idea 
colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill . 
hate this one 
wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors 
if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride . 
feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while 
we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 
stretches of impact and moments 
resolutely unamusing , 
despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste 
this film puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers . 
rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke 
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . 
is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count 
with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks 
do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , 
a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn 
looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day 
a brilliant college student 
a happy , heady jumble 
is this films reason for being . 
to my great pleasure 
she may not be real , but the laughs are 
its brilliant touches 
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche 
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny 
the visceral sensation 
psychologically unpersuasive 
robust and scary 
, hilarious 
offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future 
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but 
seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . 
a pretentious mess ... 
could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls . 
films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature 
into a laugh-free lecture 
hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . 
' romantic 
miike 
cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 
an already thin story 
undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos . 
captivates and 
loveable 
will find things to like 
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , 
a great , participatory spectator sport . ' 
do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace 
blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge ' 
screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 
so striking 
the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 
positively 
why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 
denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism 
's most offensive 
it labors as storytelling . 
breaks no new ground and 
the movie lacks in action 
stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 
is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey . 
vowing , ` this is going to be something really good 
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try . 
the operative word for `` bad company 
nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful 
remain curious about each other against all odds 
keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease 
`` spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . 
not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor 
lurches between not-very-funny comedy 
sloppy script 
the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . 
bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ... 
but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés 
never cuts corners . 
most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure 
also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 
too much obvious padding 
, the power of this movie is undeniable . 
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama . 
though jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape 
that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor 
this is n't exactly profound cinema , 
absolutely no idea 
at his 12th oscar nomination 
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) 
moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say 
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality 
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience 
shakes you vigorously for its duration 
a great performance and 
smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling . 
one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists 
the film buzz and whir 
the most original fantasy film 
put so much time and energy into this turkey 
it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 
is too heady for children , and too preachy 
a wonderful ensemble cast 
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema . 
, it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . 
joyous celebration 
another generic drama 
curious 
a great premise but only a great premise 
unconcerned 
into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 
likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies 
a modestly surprising movie 
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , 
heart 
you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky 
he 's been in years 
the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 
bill morrison 's decasia 
gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 
why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? 
sustain laughs 
skip it 
have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament 
liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . 
self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 
simply a re-hash of the other seven films 
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things . 
if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 
's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies 
that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 
plenty to impress about e.t. 
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . 
this poor remake of such a well loved classic 
that parker displays in freshening the play 
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . 
get out your pooper-scoopers 
i do n't mean that in a good way 
it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . 
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles 
playful but highly studied and 
perfect material 
of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story 
no . 
are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 
of funny situations and honest observations 
thrills and extreme emotions 
she does little here but point at things that explode into flame 
what makes it worth a recommendation 
she has n't been worth caring about 
in heaven 
invites unflattering comparisons 
full of life and small delights 
crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings . 
musicals back 
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me 
clearly evident quality 
turn bill paxton into an a-list director 
of quirky characters and an engaging story 
marvelously entertaining and deliriously 
if you love reading and/or poetry 
a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death 
just another disjointed 
soulless techno-tripe 
tough to watch 
the right conditions 
is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . 
good line 
, you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 
illuminating 
turn away from one another instead of talking 
is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 
made you love it 
without stickiness 
great companion piece 
tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in 
wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial 
lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception . 
and for all the wrong reasons besides . 
teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 
's also somewhat clumsy 
his characters stage 
wilde 's droll whimsy 
a glossy rehash 
processed comedy 
found it slow , predictable and not very amusing . 
to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb 
is definitely a cut above the rest . 
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch 
way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness 
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something 
thoroughly satisfying entertainment 
and self-conscious seams 
parapsychological 
while not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original . 
goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy 
the film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod . 
on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 
alive and admirable 
it 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . 
play fine 
animation and game phenomenon 
sappiness 
's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing 
horrors ! ) 
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving 
repetitive and 
impenetrable and insufferable ball 
complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore 
moving moments and an intelligent subtlety 
wry humor 
is as serious as a pink slip . 
insipid , brutally clueless 
filming the teeming life on the reefs 
will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action 
too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 
the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 
clever and cutting 
fanciful , 
reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things . 
with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated 
inconsistent 
's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 
have a hard time sitting through this one 
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense 
of passion , grief and fear 
a great deal of thought 
steven soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life . 
's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men 
messy 
who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns 
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming 
the year 's greatest adventure 
, director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers 
contrived plot points 
will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals 
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword 
at lengthy dialogue scenes 
a fall 
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle 
to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life 
chilling tale 
bugged me 
most battered women 
that is revelatory 
two-way 
energetic and engaging film 
the action is stilted 
it 's fun , but it 's a real howler . 
such a mechanical endeavor ( 
foster and whitaker are especially fine . 
surgeon mends 
it is worth searching out . 
is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches 
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes 
the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend 
except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams 
have potential as a cult film , 
sure to win viewers ' hearts 
becoming 
is an entirely foreign concept 
great pity 
the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting 
choppy 
a heck of a ride 
played and smartly directed . 
acting like puppets 
for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 
the rich details 
a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera 
get at something 
not for their acting chops , but for their looks 
that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony 
overproduced 
quietly vulnerable 
have a cute partnership in i spy 
just too silly 
with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves 
is that it 's actually watchable . 
earnest 
if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out 
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but 
stinks 
did n't sell many records but 
means check it out . 
terrible 
fuzziness 
matinee price 
from human impulses that grew hideously twisted 
juicy soap opera 
yet overflows with wisdom and emotion . 
, bloody and mean 
brutally honest individual 
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself . 
strip it of all its excess debris , 
the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks 
one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen 
deadpan cool , wry humor and 
, surrealistic moments 
the relationship between reluctant 
you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 
shekhar kapur 
illogic 
shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull 
understand her choices 
take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story 
the strength 
never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence 
to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy 
are n't 
something fishy 
a good cast 
this tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations . 
somber pacing and lack 
like any good romance 
i just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie 
are many tense scenes in trapped 
an exquisite motion picture 
marred 
to lift the spirits of the whole family 
, spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . 
makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly 
amiable but unfocused 
very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes 
a touching reflection 
of the movie 's success 
to its proper home 
, metropolis is a feast for the eyes . 
emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds 
get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show 
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama . 
( seems ) even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels . 
stabs 
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game 
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable 
, we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching . 
that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i 
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking 
i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 
a journey back to your childhood 
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , 
bore . 
what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 
unpretentious 
not-so-bright mother and daughter 
an absurdly simplistic picture 
is good 
is one helluva singer . 
inquisitive 
expanded vision 
it is a great film . 
so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen 
farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher 
beautiful food entrée 
engaging comedy 
hmmm ... might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ? 
intimate than spectacular 
remarkable skill 
disjointed 
most uncanny 
a beautiful paean to a time 
its bold presentation 
paper-thin supporting characters 
will ever be anything more than losers 
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore 
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative 
is careless and unfocused 
standard formula 
to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud . 
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness . 
have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and 
failed jokes , twitchy acting , 
in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 
the impressive stagings of hardware 
tricky and satisfying 
future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 
cohesive story 
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss . 
his strongest performance since the doors 
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable . 
in praise of love 
to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident 
sad 
a low-rent retread 
to cheesier to cheesiest 
is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , 
felt with a sardonic jolt 
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . 
playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 
watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media 
it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 
breathe life 
interesting characters 
including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny 
, low-budget and tired 
authenticate 
fragmented 
who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb 
is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery 
of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families 
great script 
is a verbal duel between two gifted performers . 
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , 
morally alert 
eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 
of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress 
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction . 
unromantic 
it 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones . 
ultimate 
as splendid-looking as this particular film 
inimitable scenes 
about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped 
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't . 
as a tarantula , helga 
elegant work 
should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting 
could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation . 
beautifully realized 
without cheesy fun factor 
unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . 
emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 
sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche 
easy jokes and insults 
its recycled aspects , implausibility 
decent but dull . 
insomnia 
on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams 
aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . 
the payoff is powerful and revelatory 
that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it 
good actors , good poetry and good music 
confection that 's pure entertainment 
lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 
you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 
troubling and powerful . 
be significantly different ( and better ) than most films 
pretty bad 
to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story 
of boring 
the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . 
the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion 
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- 
conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice 
is very original 
media-soaked 
is ) a fascinating character , and 
unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle 
's pauly shore awful . 
extremely unpleasant film 
crucifixion 
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded . 
does n't put you off 
too predictably , in fact . 
a winner 
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling 
's a heaven for bad movies 
, but slow 
my mind 
such a perfect medium for children 
thoughtful war films 
try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward 
works its way up 
mild hallucinogenic buzz 
even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention 
inventive , 
a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters 
dud from frame one . 
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others . 
overall feelings , broader ideas , 
intriguing and realistic 
comfort and familiarity 
uplifting , funny and wise . 
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , 
majestic 
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters 
filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life 
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other john woo flick for that matter . 
what 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm . 
to be affected and boring 
employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities 
acclaim 
catch this imax offering 
a bad day 
as a landmark in film history 
zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof 
when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain 
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors . 
but it does have one saving grace . 
too fluffy 
the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . 
for serious film buffs 
has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen . 
its elegantly colorful look and sound 
this modern mob music drama 
left on a remote shelf 
, the humor wry and sprightly 
all its excess debris 
this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller 
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation 
it a comic book with soul 
assaultive 
it 's crafty , energetic and smart 
the worst movies of the year 
's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film . 
family fun 
the best case for christianity 
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and 
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life 
'' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 
caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare 
'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept 
baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within . 
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls . 
, this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . 
inexpressible 
simone is not a bad film . 
weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise . 
is one of the greatest date movies in years 
it is that it does n't give a damn . 
naturally funny film 
cinema fans 
you 'll enjoy the hot chick . 
a lyrical and celebratory vision 
genial and 
dutifully pulling on heartstrings 
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year 
jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style 
i 've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama . 
an average b-movie 
are less than adorable 
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever 
to reel in the audience 
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth . 
parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . 
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed 
a failure as straight drama 
intriguing what-if premise 
the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or 
the benjamins that 's hard to resist 
is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see 
, she is merely a charmless witch . 
instantly forgettable 
an ` a ' list cast and 
any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions 
comes across as both shallow and dim-witted 
a painless time-killer 
finds a nice rhythm 
itself , a playful spirit and 
directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin 
it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose . 
sights 
sweet , funny , charming 
great story 
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it 
you can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed . 
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise 
, or inventive 
the film seems as deflated as he does 
tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents 
the guy-in-a-dress genre 
that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet 
its storytelling prowess and 
nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness . 
how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others 
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . 
with the unexplained baboon cameo 
ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling . 
of the unsalvageability 
than indecent proposal 
vulgar 
uneasy bonds 
is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny 
the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed . 
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set 
a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven 
without beauty or humor 
into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters 
a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch 
sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices 
is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying 
is a riot 
recalls 
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen 
begins on a high note and 
titillating material 
a legacy 
telling a fascinating character 's story 
repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , 
sleep-inducingly 
the actors are simply too good , 
seem self-consciously poetic and forced 
acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake 
you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub . 
that pollyana would reach for a barf bag 
another clever if pointless excursion 
human impulses that grew hideously twisted 
a little more special 
without ( de niro ) , city by the sea would slip under the waves . 
see a better thriller this year 
the screen like a true star 
get out your pooper-scoopers . 
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received . 
best comedy concert movie 
on `` stupid 
very compelling , sensitive , 
revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 
a portrait of alienation 
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency . 
no wit , 
if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director 
of this dog of a movie 
sketchy but nevertheless 
once subtle and visceral 
to document all this emotional misery 
which should appeal to women 
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman 
he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . 
four star performance 
had their hearts in the right place 
callow pretension 
confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 
if disney 's cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes . 
romp that has something to say . 
they were insulted and 
berling and béart ... continue to impress , and 
build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman 
drags , underscoring the obvious 
of the great minds of our times 
all the right ways 
of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence 
with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour 
dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication 
the upper echelons of the directing world 
better hip-hop clips 
faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . 
realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire 
an interesting story 
an original idea 
festival 
suspense , surprise and 
very compelling 
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or 
than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry 
overachieving 
more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 
making me groggy 
a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience 
reality tv obsession 
need , neurosis and nervy 
communicate the truth of the world around him 
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short . 
listless sci-fi comedy 
that delicate canon 
missing from this material 
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and 
such high-profile talent 
cheesy backdrops , 
ca n't recommend it 
loathsome 
's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . 
, the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . 
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and 
notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress 
rambling 
like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) 
under cars 
i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways . 
class resentment 
quite an achievement 
'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) 
one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs 
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters 
through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 
looks good 
will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted 
constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism 
is nevertheless compelling 
developed characters 
to ensnare its target audience . 
tired tyco ad 
you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live 
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , 
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . 
showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again . 
a dead-end existence 
it is interminable 
its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction 
which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing 
should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days 
may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit 
at its best , which occurs often 
is more of an ordeal than an amusement 
'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen 
a tiny sense of hope 
its courage , ideas , 
has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference 
, straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company . 
well-directed and , for all its moodiness , 
broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 
to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving 
a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy 
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining . 
it 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . 
lacks the spirit of the previous two , 
he does this so well 
as a dystopian movie 
is effective if you stick with it 
funniest and most accurate 
ong 's promising debut 
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen . 
misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress 
, shoot-em-up scene 
its poignant and uplifting story 
fairly unsettling scenes 
else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie 
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver . 
unique residences 
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son . 
ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 
inviting 
many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy 
is completely at sea 
from sharing the awe in which it holds itself 
how this one escaped the lifetime network i 'll never know . 
if the screenplay falls somewhat short 
'' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . 
one of the great films about movie love 
does n't add anything fresh to the myth . 
less as a documentary and more as a found relic 
large-scale action and suspense 
futile 
found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going . 
its surprises 
you 're a struggling nobody 
hip hop fantasy 
to match the ordeal of sitting through it 
determined , ennui-hobbled slog 
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation 
fun 
it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities 
eloquent ( meditation ) on death 
wicked 
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions . 
challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture . 
aims to confuse 
too long with too little 
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting . 
of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while 
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop . 
has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises . 
wise and powerful 
inspire 
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . 
... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . 
ugly , pointless , stupid 
i do n't see the point 
unoriginal 
it 's drab . 
even touch us 
cruelty and suffering 
a sudden turn and devolves 
influential 
the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks 
the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin 
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls . 
this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity 
almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 
but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again . 
excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries 
the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio . 
heartwarming and 
japanese epic 
a stale , overused cocktail 
problematic characters 
too ludicrous 
vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler 's reigen 
is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty 
a weary journalist 
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine . 
best star trek movie 
will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget 
usual fluttering and stammering 
a terrible strength 
turd 
` it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . ' 
the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and 
if somewhat standardized , 
bogs down in rhetoric and cliché . 
helped change a nation 
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' 
it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film 
for people who make movies and watch them 
wonderfully speculative character 
-- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm . 
its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick 
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack . 
that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 
the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 
might be best forgotten 
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism 
depth or complexity 
falling into the hollywood trap 
unbearable 
infrequently breathtaking 
that it is laughingly enjoyable 
to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time 
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem 
oscar-worthy 
the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources . 
overwritten 
if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil 
with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style 
easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing 
the balance between the fantastic and the believable 
point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover 
charismatic charmer 
easily dismissive 
pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel . 
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast . 
old-fashioned-movie movie 
freakshow 
a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 
get all five 
been all but decommissioned 
he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 
easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking 
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful . 
tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in . 
may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black . 
manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . 
that tell the best story 
its audience giddy 
the acting is amateurish , 
shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters 
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny . 
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , 
does 
an entertaining ride 
to losing my lunch 
, a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 
has about 25 minutes of decent material 
could use a little more humanity 
its hero 
general boorishness 
academic 
a sappy , preachy one at that 
to see over and over again 
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth . 
relegated to a dark video store corner 
's just too boring and obvious 
done excellent work here 
idling in neutral 
's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening . 
so sloppy , so uneven , 
is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers . 
works well enough 
never rise above the level of an after-school tv special 
frustrating ` tweener ' 
study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture . 
's contrived and predictable 
the chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . 
comedy death 
be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid 
majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident . 
strong and unforced 
sad , soggy potboiler 
be surefire casting 
adrenalin 
works spectacularly well 
warm , inviting , 
that rare family movie 
so real 
a marvelous performance by allison lohman 
lifelong concern 
funny , insightfully human 
agile performers 
is nicely shot , well-edited and 
wonderfully loopy 
which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 
boring talking heads 
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama . 
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold 
with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations 
in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is 
young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated 
although estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch . 
's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless 
a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience 
is too optimistic a title . 
been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 
what 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be . 
that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot . 
, unmemorable filler . 
does n't add up 
the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun 
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself 
... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 
very compelling tale 
a witty , whimsical feature debut 
oft-brilliant 
less bling-bling 
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business 
visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . 
and gently humorous 
if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick . 
fresh and raw 
enough to feel good about 
when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling 
how it washed out despite all of that 
-- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying 
sing beautifully 
, the hot chick is pretty damned funny . 
its rough edges 
santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard 
many can aspire but none can equal 
noir veil 
is one of the best actors there is . 
's a very valuable film 
sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb . 
as an eloquent memorial 
that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls 
a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 
tragic deaths 
its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and 
, and rousing 
's still a sweet , even delectable diversion 
ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film 
well done and perfectly 
lowbrow 
showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything 
mortal awareness 
is n't a very 
this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 
rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world . 
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did . 
guarantee that no wise men will be following after it 
it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way 
gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake 
feels draggy 
every cliche 
scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic 
what an idea 
it 's an entertaining movie , 
the film buzz and whir ; very little of it 
said , except : film overboard ! 
unwieldy cast 
juvenile 
a fun family movie 
loud , silly , stupid and pointless 
loosely-connected string 
will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective 
the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games 
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking 
that it ends up being surprisingly dull 
the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone 
is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood . 
is certainly easy to watch . 
it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain 
vastly improved 
sturdiest example yet 
high-powered 
the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed 
presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier 
is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump . 
resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates . 
is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people 
that something so short could be so flabby 
truly wonderful 
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion . 
to the actress , and to her inventive director 
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon 
rollicking 
is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn 
the pianist ( is ) a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life 
on the premise 
passionate enthusiasms 
times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated 
has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and 
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but 
serves as a rather thin moral 
the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . 
its face 
read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love . 
that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 
can see coming a mile away 
would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture 
beautiful , 
that it does n't give a damn 
an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends 
squirming 
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated 
is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness 
exceeding expectations 
unconvincing 
knowledge , education , and 
think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version 
its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting 
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here . 
as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 
unforced 
compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people 
always hilarious meara 
into the nature of faith 
about sex gags and prom dates 
symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . 
hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling 
quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 
quirky , fun , popcorn movies 
otherwise appalling 
you see it in these harrowing surf shots 
lighting effects and 
bad filmmaking 
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little 
the most disappointing woody allen movie 
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish . 
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle 
breezy blend 
very well-acted 
got aids 
sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 
a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland 
, it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 
's surprisingly harmless . 
sex and lucia is so alluring 
wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too 
the strain of its plot contrivances and 
sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama 
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs . 
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once 
can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities 
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time 
yet it 's potentially just as rewarding 
, the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first . 
threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny 
romance , tragedy 
this crude 
amateur ' in almost every frame 
movie love 
is impossible 
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch 
his fake backdrops and stately pacing 
the movie 's downfall 
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work . 
i had a lot of problems with this movie . 
kong master john woo 
are worth the price of admission ... 
genuinely funny jokes 
lived in a state of quiet desperation 
one of those ` alternate reality ' 
gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug . 
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached 
you feel like running out screaming 
blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 
a charge of genuine excitement 
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work 
are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) 
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work . 
breakdown 
familiar and predictable 
found his groove 
has a lot of charm . 
angel 
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier . 
in the manner of a golden book sprung to life 
that you feel what they feel 
the absence of narrative continuity 
of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways 
one of a really solid woody allen film 
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone . 
opposed to the extent of their outrageousness 
better thriller 
ugly-duckling 
been 13 months and 295 preview screenings 
is plenty of fun for all . 
a shame 
do n't think so . 
, i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 . 
, the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music . 
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and 
fine , focused 
perdition 
seemingly irreconcilable 
although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 
an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids 
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself 
down-to-earth bullock 
the grandeur 
is smart and entirely charming 
may just scare the pants off you . 
've a taste for the quirky 
cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view 
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , 
is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap 
starving and 
what 's the russian word for wow !? ' 
little wit and no surprises 
's hard to resist 
heart as important as humor 
withered 
very very strong `` b + 
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing . 
by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music 
regards reign of fire with awe 
a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies 
duvall 's throbbing sincerity 
vulgar innuendo 
sheer goofiness and cameos 
the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped 
are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film . 
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . 
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions 
high standards 
co-stars 
from david 's point of view 
throughout , mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick . 
with a humanistic message 
keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired 
without context -- journalistic or historical 
, the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 
pilot episode 
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships . 
any recent film , independent or otherwise , 
be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption 
the franchise 's best years are long past 
fascinating literary mystery story 
at a failure of our justice system 
this trite , predictable rehash 
trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed 
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life . 
allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 
loses all 
romantic comedy genre 
fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society 
and it is . 
existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god 
what makes this film special is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context . 
transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor . 
has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety 
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport . 
's a hellish 
delirious fun . 
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 
is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain 
with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil 
imperfect 
vin diesel is the man . 
fully ` rendered ' 
badly awry 
exhilarating place 
lingering death 
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but 
look ill at ease sharing the same scene 
is an enjoyable big movie primarily 
undernourished and 
a cheat in the end 
the story 's promising premise 
stooping 
'' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . 
strictly a-list players 
sweet time building 
over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference 
sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile 
into your heart 
omnibus tradition 
, nonsensical and formulaic 
never once predictable 
the film 's lack 
rush to the theater 
's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium 
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , 
fun with the quirks of family life 
her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera 
from its material that is deliberately unsettling 
a sensitive , moving , 
a hard-to-swallow premise 
love in remembrance 
the execution is pretty weary 
spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later . 
spikes of sly humor 
there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour 
something on crummy-looking videotape 
a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions . 
give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice 
by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in 
an odd drama 
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , 
's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment 
a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life 
it can seem tiresomely simpleminded . 
simply and eloquently 
because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget 
those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief 
's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can . 
everyone 's to blame here . 
lively and engaging examination 
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy . 
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists 
a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast 
too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up . 
salvation 
bears out as your typical junkie opera 
, wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . 
it just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 
nails all of orlean 's themes 
, ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . ' 
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but 
episode 
one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation . 
it 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring . 
freshness and spirit 
its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . ' 
does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length 
has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and 
the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time 
a discreet moan 
enormously good 
( cuarón has ) created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy . 
this flat run 
entertainingly nasty 
a fragment of an underdone potato 
murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death 
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals 
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously 
snooze . 
obnoxious 88-minute 
exquisite , unfakable sense 
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay 
does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour 
cinemantic flair 
that , quite simply , should n't have been made 
seem fresh 
cheeky 
who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior 
into this turkey 
soars above the material realm 
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and 
strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin 
i killed my father compelling 
boring and 
making it one of the best war movies ever made 
what 's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best . 
pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 
into a believable mother/daughter pair 
lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile 
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro 
privy to 
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . 
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , 
that rarity among sequels 
photographic marvel 
a comedic context 
lets the pictures do the punching 
banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be 
you snore 
an inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist 
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up 
if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness 
very sincere 
... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone . 
watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? 
of run-of-the-mill profanity 
respects the material 
worthless , 
so-five-minutes-ago pop music 
about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and 
of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay 
sleeper 
breathtaking 
ordinary 
a brief amount 
is to be cherished . 
have nothing better to do with 94 minutes 
chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back 
boasting this many genuine cackles 
is that it 's too close to real life to make sense . 
transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange 
multi-layered 
engross even 
is shallow , offensive and redundant 
this time , the hype is quieter , and 
is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 
canada 
the labyrinthine ways 
elegant and sly deadpan 
celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . 
even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin 
the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 
berry 's saucy , 
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr 
the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers 
an undeniable energy 
spontaneous creativity and 
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family 
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest 
is a filmmaker of impressive talent 
's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen 
a joyous communal festival of rhythm 
in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 
jackson 's 
nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride 
you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours 
was n't one of the film 's virtues . 
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably 
thematically and stylistically 
delivers the goods 
is dreary and sluggish . 
makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 
their memorable and resourceful performances 
something must have been lost in the translation . 
throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto 
a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . 
a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments 
the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire 
this turd squashed 
was followed by the bad idea 
the best of comedies 
know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too 
plainly dull and visually ugly 
, everything else about the film tanks . 
trivializing it 
if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened 
even the bull gets recycled . 
feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism . 
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts 
fizzability 
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness 
does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation 
shakespeare 's better known tragedies 
to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending 
lushness 
barf 
the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while 
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability 
poetic 
one of the rarest kinds of films 
's a terrible movie in every regard , and 
most of the characters forget their lines 
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century . 
it 's mildly amusing , but i certainly ca n't recommend it . 
every top-notch british actor 
complexities 
true impact 
its true-to-life characters , 
opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down . 
a marginal thumbs 
it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . 
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere . 
to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other 
perfectly describes pauline & paulette 
becoming a better person through love 
has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should 
crush each other 
wry comic mayhem 
ultimate scorsese film 
's a very very strong `` b + . 
first-class road movie 
may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . 
deft punctuation 
this charmer 
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz . 
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability 
of any film more challenging or depressing 
the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible 
catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ? 
's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen . 
a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it 
has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 
feel like running out screaming 
saves 
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . 
feels like a glossy rehash 
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and 
goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest 
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience . 
incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud 
to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 
you like peace 
for insights 
, it still works . 
a decent ` intro ' documentary 
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and 
bloody beauty 
defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . 
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say 
could ever have hoped to be 
never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together 
is almost in a class with that of wilde 
an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys 
bungle their way 
vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace 
predictable and cloying 
big-screen experience 
very ugly 
vibrant charm 
terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life . 
in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine . 
the more you will probably like it . 
ends with a whimper 
snail-like 
see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 
much stronger 
funny and touching 
dullest 
she is merely a charmless witch . 
for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge 
, elusive , yet inexplicably 
a breezy blend 
a sub-formulaic slap 
hollywood too long has ignored 
their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners 
spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry 
reach satisfying conclusions 
film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror 
... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . 
meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots . 
this rush to profits 
for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 
logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd 
is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality 
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply 
intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 
in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers 
is bright and flashy 
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... 
though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . 
a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece 
overblown enterprise 
fairly irresistible package 
illustrated by a winning family story . 
captivatingly 
blaxploitation spoof 
's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . 
the sensational 
an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long 
a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins 
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , 
is the director 's talent . 
a smear 
able to forgive its mean-spirited second half 
the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 
it 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but . 
fabulously funny and 
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi . 
politics 
it 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison . 
nonjudgmental kind 
place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence 
in an intricate plot 
his ` angels of light 
than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine 
, amusing , tender and heart-wrenching 
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story . 
throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue 
true 
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip 
the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes 
bluster and 
to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady 
stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits 
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but 
particularly joyless , and 
if also somewhat hermetic . 
from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner 
however canned -- 
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions 
rich and luscious 
marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain 
murphy 's expert comic timing 
the downward spiral 
be very sweet 
uncomfortable 
warm , enveloping affection 
, worse , 
passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment 
begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot 
as a friend 
put away the guitar , sell the amp , 
'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence 
no conversion effort 
struggles of the working class to life 
are a little peculiar 
`` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time 
wilde 's wit and 
about it will stay with you 
monotonous 
torments 
only to record the events for posterity , but 
about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution 
interesting concept 
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles . 
is tenderly observant of his characters . 
most third-rate horror sequels 
seems embarrassed 
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic . 
any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought 
's coherent , well shot , 
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all 
wo n't score points for political correctness 
rarely , a movie is more than a movie . 
bibbidy-bobbidi-bland 
sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . 
a delightful romantic comedy 
's no place for this story to go but down 
peter out midway 
a film with a great premise but only a great premise . 
one of the year 's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore . 
this intricately structured and well-realized drama 
various victimized audience members 
had all its vital essence scooped out 
, byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . 
really has no place to go since simone is not real 
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . 
a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh . 
flat effort 
on a true and historically significant story 
of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest 
a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department 
the performances are uniformly good . 
stale 
although made on a shoestring and unevenly 
list 
a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made 
hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial . 
no interesting concept 
a satisfying kids flck 
digitally altered footage 
in the series 
is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation . 
a loquacious and dreary piece 
dramatic snapshot 
an unrewarding collar 
, ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . 
ultimately delivers 
for genre fans 
` alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures . 
lovely 
starts promisingly 
mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 
carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others . 
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself . 
under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 
the most moronic screenplays of the year 
, uninhibited 
the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby 
an argentine retread 
a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick 
george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks 
very best 
absolute delight 
the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 
numbness . 
to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 
interested in entertaining itself 
video , and 
the most original american productions 
a no-bull throwback 
alluring 
limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy 
sweetly adventurous 
as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . 
humorless 
knows everything and answers all questions 
of heart 
empowerment 
can depress you about life itself 
of these despicable characters 
deserve but rarely receive it 
devito 's misanthropic vision 
studiously inoffensive 
guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling 
poetic force and 
as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 
believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid 
a necessary and timely one 
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables 
malcolm d. lee 
as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided 
stunningly 
makes us believe she is kahlo 
the most pitiful directing 
has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil . 
pretty tattered 
gives out 
serene , the humor wry and sprightly 
is not first-rate 
sanctimonious , self-righteous 
tears welled up in my eyes both times 
fresh good looks and 
about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers 
something to be fully forgotten 
an empty exercise 
completely honest 
touchingly 
enormous feeling 
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , 
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . 
dismal 
a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with 
comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow 
remarkably alluring film 
be able to look away for a second 
more overtly silly dialogue 
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core . 
disappointingly thin slice 
pointless , stupid 
the historical period and 
got a place in your heart 
she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl 
flat , plodding picture 
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms 
is phenomenal , especially the women 
by top-billed star bruce willis 
distressingly rote 
an interesting topic , 
heralds something special 
its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale 
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated . 
it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity 
is repeated at least four times . 
inexperienced 
're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why 
upbeat 
standout performance 
it does n't work as either . 
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . 
of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 
campanella 's competent direction 
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses 
nutty , consistently funny . 
enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events 
a typical bible killer story 
thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . 
to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room 
in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . 
truest sense 
appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race 
all bluster and cliché 
some powerful people 
though he only scratches the surface 
a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen 
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office . 
i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! 
` yes , that 's right : it 's forrest gump , angel of death . ' 
gripping drama . 
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama 
the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , 
too simple 
the shadows of motown 
's a bad action movie 
, at times sublime , visuals 
without passion or politics 
the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . 
, director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . 
why is this so boring ? 
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier 
have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and 
is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . 
is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power 
an overexposed waste of film 
gorgeous 
by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks 
it 's just merely very bad . 
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance 
a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry 
steal your heart away 
screen with considerable appeal 
of new inspiration in it 
star/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own . 
one only a true believer could relish 
bitchy 
for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance 
been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 
it 's nowhere near as good as the original . 
playfully profound 
a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema 
can do no wrong with jason x. 
spirit is a visual treat 
a very funny romantic comedy 
with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing 
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl 
goes by quickly 
energy and imagination 
'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche 
evans ) had , lost , and got back 
stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction 
this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity . 
soullessness 
race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout 
feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake 
few gut-busting laughs 
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely . 
... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt . 
its premise is smart 
never rises above superficiality . 
has done excellent work here 
've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . 
unrelentingly grim -- 
in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 
bogus 
in amusing us 
can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 
the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying 
despite its flaws ... belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . 
noble teacher 
palpable chemistry 
an evil , monstrous lunatic 
common sense 
wayward teen 
mordantly funny and intimately knowing ... 
works against itself 
's unfortunate 
a gorgeously strange movie , 
the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties 
tremendous skill 
hint 
meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import 
's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre 
compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air 
quirky iranian drama secret ballot 
of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then 
uplifting , funny and wise 
throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull . 
most likeable 
uncommonly moving 
fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way . 
falls flat as a spoof . 
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . 
gripping humanity 
party-hearty 
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste . 
fresh air 
weak and 
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant 
with zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies ? 
breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people 
ludicrous 
the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes 
a lobotomy 
little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff 
more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm . 
the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch 
even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension 
certified 
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding 
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date . 
with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie 
weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism 
a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny 
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun . 
as director of the escort service was inspired 
to be somebody , and 
crassly flamboyant 
layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and 
it looks good , sonny 
generates little narrative momentum , 
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance . 
imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread 
courageous 
like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people 
mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going 
cold-hearted curmudgeon 
about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams 
deadly bore 
this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer . 
we often reel in when we should be playing out 
an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries 
likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ? 
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool . 
juiceless 
give committed performances 
genuine and 
splatterfests 
certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . 
woven together handsomely 
how can you charge money for this ? ' 
disappoints 
such enervating determination 
repeated 
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas . 
during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness 
a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can 
a group of extremely talented musicians 
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . 
fontaine masterfully 
the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan 
spooks 
yet depressing film 
randolph 
a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness 
tosses around sex toys and offers 
flawed and 
are committed 
nobody in the viewing audience cares 
insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 
a taste for the quirky 
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . 
a lovely trifle 
both inspiring and pure joy 
feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 
insightful writer/director 
his films 
limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists 
to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) 
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , 
the hackneyed story 
of the nincompoop benigni persona 
crafted picture 
good action , good acting 
end up laughing 
there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 
an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema 
seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness 
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role . 
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) 
, there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 
pretentious endeavor 
coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings 
that is , more often then not , difficult and sad 
tv 
, but it 's great cinematic polemic 
both leads are up to the task 
may strain adult credibility 
this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 
yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ... 
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- 
there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all 
transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest 
has stopped challenging himself 
deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant . 
is a horrible movie 
where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor 
the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe . 
true-to-life characters 
call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made 
to the familiar topic of office politics 
extraordinary faith 
's a masterpiece 
del 
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun 
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong . 
should pay reparations to viewers 
it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such . 
visionary 
misguided comedy 
a thriller , 
an american actress who becomes fully english 
comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won 
a film in a class with spike lee 's masterful do the right thing . 
excessively quirky 
a rather toothless take 
are n't your bailiwick 
a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy 
in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic 
agile 
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary . 
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers . 
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story 
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city 
half-baked 
, the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot . 
regret and , ultimately , finding redemption 
shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative . 
is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love 
shaky , uncertain film 
at hostile odds with one another 
puzzling than unsettling 
, purposeless 
there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction 
developed characters so much 
must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face 
pornography or documentary 
enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls 
where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still 
of its sweeping battle scenes 
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it 
might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson 
delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario 
libido film 
that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games 
a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside 
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor 
as an actress in a role 
be a breakthrough in filmmaking 
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history . 
is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure 
rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor . 
( a ) smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks . 
a climactic hero 's 
given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties 
out-sized 
quite frankly , i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . 
if you liked the previous movies in the series 
makes these lives count . 
in private 
entirely humorless 
psychotic than romantic 
of the better video-game-based flicks , 
a curious sick poetry , 
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy . 
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but 
settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs 
into splatter movies 
groan 
sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story 
loose , poorly structured film 
for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary 
emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary 
the banality and hypocrisy 
jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist 
vincent became more and more abhorrent 
reading your scripts before signing that dotted line 
an indisputably spooky film 
sadly 
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents . 
will grab you 
is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb . 
enthrall the whole family 
good trash 
, but it is a refreshingly forthright one . 
zany mix 
to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and 
a funny moment or 
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks . 
remake sleepless in seattle again and again 
, the humor has point 
the project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . 
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina 
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle . 
a sequel you can refuse 
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake . 
best movie work 
the thrill of the chill 
blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance 
is pleasant enough 
catches you 
jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company . 
touching and 
future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter 
has value can not be denied . 
last-minute action 
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism 
a strong script , powerful direction and 
's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue 
it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . 
, that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ... 
is insightful about kissinger 's background and history . 
tanks 
's mildly entertaining , 
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness 
unimaginable demons 
of strung-together tv episodes 
's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows 
pays off and 
entirely stale concept 
does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it 
are sweet and believable , and 
this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are . 
descends into such message-mongering moralism 
sweetheart 
be particularly innovative 
is a children 's film in the truest sense 
is extremely funny , 
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham 
're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned 
offer audiences 
moving and not infrequently breathtaking film 
acquires an undeniable entertainment value 
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but 
oversimplification , superficiality and silliness 
well done 
manages , with terrific flair , 
fascinating character 's 
under-rehearsed and 
one of the best , most understated performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career . 
the delicious trimmings 
clean-cut 
the movie is ingenious fun . 
exceeds expectations . 
... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 
fierce grandeur 
made for the big screen , some for the small screen 
is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience 
has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores . 
the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . 
the relationships were wonderful 
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ? 
might want to check it out 
, i do n't see the point 
smartly written 
voyeuristic spectacle 
suicidal 
defined 
dramatic and emotional 
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man 
fun , curiously adolescent movie 
as epic tragedy 
tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ? 
so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess 
its own 
unexceptional 
wear thin on all 
languorous slo-mo sequences 
this interminable , shapeless documentary 
like reading a research paper 
's a lousy one at that . 
weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil 
no special effects , and 
entertaining comedy 
ararat feels like a book report 
cranky 
seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business . 
none of this is meaningful or memorable , 
shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits 
most excruciating 86 minutes 
yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere 
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 
were a person 
get the same love story and parable 
too late 
count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is 
worst way 
( sci-fi ) rehash 
collapse 
depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion 
that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos 
burnt-out 
uncomfortably close to losing my lunch 
first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb . 
a bad movie 
the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic 
utterly pointless 
fun , 
old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 
rage and alienation 
blah characters 
on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic 
that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action 
helped 
insurance 
most multilayered and sympathetic 
a heaven 
touching , 
as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . 
with a big heart 
i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed 
maggots crawling on a dead dog 
to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 
while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , 
a visually stunning rumination 
romp that 's always fun to watch . 
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates 
and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception . 
stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise 
really rather special 
that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 
as sharp as a samurai sword 
wrap the proceedings up neatly 
that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at 
a first-rate cast 
concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 
screenplay or 
in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped 
for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker 
cut open a vein 
a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor 
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters 
what is missing from it 
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities 
empty , purposeless 
just plain dumb 
with tension 
unleashes his trademark misogyny 
a tired , talky feel 
radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film . 
white-knuckled 
find the small , human moments 
the genius 
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; 
between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial 
he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 
powerful and telling story 
tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here 
layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue 
abandon 
shrewd enough 
's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck 
remains surprisingly idealistic 
little visible talent and 
to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits 
whole package 
pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them 
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch 
better characters , 
a college keg party 
the film sits with square conviction 
owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ? 
to find an old flame 
earnest , 
the same easy targets 
( the cockettes ) provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . ' 
sneaks up on you 
on dave barry 's popular book of the same name 
using an endearing cast , writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred . 
be viewed as pure composition and form -- 
, revolting 
irritating soul-searching garbage . 
the rich promise 
martin lawrence live ' is so self-pitying 
passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone . 
seem tired and , what 's worse , routine 
cultural intrigue 
satisfying summer 
superficiality and silliness 
's refreshing 
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws . 
an infuriating film . 
both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise 
a hokey piece 
alcatraz 
among the best films of the year . 
run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and 
with the terrifying message 
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . ' 
a more credible script , though 
romantics 
best little 
an uncomfortable experience , but 
the right movie 
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown . 
numbing 
any awards 
decrepit freaks 
for one splendidly cast pair 
pretty good little movie . 
an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album 
` true story ' 
the throes of their first full flush of testosterone 
at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- 
good ideas 
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and 
disastrous 
's never too late to learn 
you 'll have a good time with this one too 
low comedy 
of john c. walsh 's pipe dream 
the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts 
relative letdown . 
enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem 
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet . 
zero-dimensional 
seems contrived and secondhand 
wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses 
populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who 
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- 
the movie is brilliant , really . 
director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell 
look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role 
crowdpleaser 
it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made . 
-- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 
catch it ... if you can 
a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break 
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; 
thoroughly entertaining comedy that 
seagal ran out of movies years ago 
sending the audience 
's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo . 
a rather thin moral 
boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances 
exalted 
amnesiac 
that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue 
extraordinarily good 
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia . 
paints - of a culture in conflict with itself 
directing with a sure and measured hand , ( haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored 
the perfect cure for insomnia 
keen insights 
an almost sure-fire prescription 
a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety 
is that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness 
hollywood movie 
delightful stimulus 
even more important 
, the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . 
such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue 
sleek and arty . 
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions 
a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival . 
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious . 
the film 's saving graces 
grows boring despite the scenery . 
which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities 
if good-hearted 
that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 
fun , and 
want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness 
hard to be emotional 
played for maximum moisture 
are so believable that you feel what they feel 
a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse 
a movie that deserves recommendation 
stuffy , 
highly uneven and inconsistent 
is masterful . 
irresistible 
moronic 
that resident evil is not it 
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . 
the best sequel 
, at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here . 
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience . 
mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo 
of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties 
is worth the price of admission . 
has virtually nothing to show 
on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly 
turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic . 
worst elements 
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; 
're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular 
bombshell 
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but 
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent 
once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent 
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained . 
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high 
the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years 
obviously desired 
on the santa clause 2 
real documentary 
undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards 
is never clear 
with cloying messages and irksome characters 
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy 
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal 
looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 
the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 
is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy . 
under the weight of too many story lines 
the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze . 
's quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . ' 
holland lets things peter out midway , 
will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers . 
becomes a testament 
, vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . 
strategies 
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , 
fanciful motion picture 
romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . 
if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy ! 
offensive , puerile 
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens . 
good actors , even kingsley , 
between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows 
should be able to find better entertainment 
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . 
clichés and mawkish dialogue 
it 's badder than bad . 
xxx is a blast of adrenalin 
, all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor . 
's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is 
princesses 
i hate it . 
designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe 
fine music 
a properly spooky film 
spontaneity in its execution 
is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 
give a thought to the folks who prepare and 
's actually watchable 
deserves a chance to shine 
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either 
loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . 
enjoyed it 
gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks 
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and 
visually compelling 
a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter 
watching `` ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale . 
the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time 
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either 
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary 
manipulative claptrap 
loved 
that pours into every frame 
comes through all too painfully in the execution 
, the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 
uninspired philosophical 
is still a cinematic touchstone 
hard to care 
sick society 
lots of obvious political insights 
pure entertainment 
the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry 
gutless direction 
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out 
but oddly compelling 
extremely funny 
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine 
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , 
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy . 
, cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . 
of the smartest 
as ` wayne 
another best of the year selection . 
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring 
secondary 
a breakthrough in filmmaking 
of this laughable dialogue 
his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum 
at such a furiously funny pace 
, ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 
fascinating glimpse 
's plenty to enjoy -- 
of an expert thriller 
a movie you can trust 
a hoot 
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and 
aground 
too stupid 
is haunting ... ( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction 
sympathy and intelligence 
to the concession stand and/or restroom 
might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about . 
drags the film 
metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles 
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations 
mindless without being the peak of all things insipid 
properly spooky film 
elevate 
has some freakish powers of visual charm 
a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad 
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . 
live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve 
tickled 
salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon . 
a silly hack-and-slash flick 
try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there . 
the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another . 
adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt 
... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . 
feels incredibly hokey 
takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and 
no steve martin 
smart , provocative drama 
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses . 
a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell 
cannon 's confidence and 
much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , 
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie 
the silver screen 
holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and 
you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge 
this ludicrous film 
that even its target audience talked all the way through it 
that underlies the best of comedies 
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation 
is a visual treat for all audiences . 
, brash and mainly unfunny 
but unmemorable 
a chiller resolutely without chills . 
offers large rewards 
festival 
before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 
secretary 
is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy . 
that you and they were in another movie 
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program 
know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . 
cheapo 
many false scares 
digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations 
and finely cut diamond 
appreciated a smartly written motion picture 
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest . 
, most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . 
picture-perfect life 
bottomlessly 
damaged-goods 
men 
high-minded 
the star-making machinery 
an elegance and maturity 
great cinema 
content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 
's kinda dumb 
enough laughs to sustain interest to the end 
a vastly improved germanic version 
predictable and 
is tepid and tedious 
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de 
substandard 
a ray of hope 
as its own most damning censure 
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the 
that clever angle 
may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark 
hilariously , gloriously alive , and 
fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster 
a deftly entertaining film 
an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle 
ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's 
pointless 
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it 
done the nearly impossible 
depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece 
fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian 
becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship 
just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 
disbelief 
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists . 
the ` laughing 
manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time 
hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers 
earthly 
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly 
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused . 
oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy 
all end 
oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk 
instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ? 
dragon 
wickedly funny 
much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial . 
a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 
author 's 
frantic , virulent and foul-natured 
more than ably 
appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem 
world trade center tragedy 
in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . ' 
of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought 
look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 
scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . 
a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts . 
of a first-rate cast 
not all that bad of a movie 
and it 's what makes their project so interesting 
this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest 
an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been 
see over and over again 
rotten 
creepy-scary thriller 
right at home in this french shocker 
the film 's intimate camera work 
fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere 
because it 's lousy 
is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits 
smart and complicated 
, energetic and original 
of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with 
surprisingly flat 
an ease in front of the camera 
all its effective moments 
a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 
the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one 
inner-city streets 
a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency 
ingenious and often harrowing 
no way to entertain or inspire its viewers 
humor , verve and fun 
that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 
as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished 
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert 
the movie is in a class by itself 
the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal . 
to fill time 
should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . 
, it 's mission accomplished 
you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer 
long , intricate , star-studded and 
the edge of their seats 
passion , and genius 
you love the music , 
start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves 
the journey does n't really go anywhere . 
repulse 
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory . 
less funny 
is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film 
polished 
superbly acted offbeat thriller 
a film that will enthrall the whole family . 
is rote work and predictable 
, light treat 
of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters 
high-wattage brainpower 
that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 
fun and funny in the middle , 
dullness 
moronic as some campus 
dying for this kind of entertainment 
to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic 
be baffled 
your senses are as mushy as peas 
of masters of both 
slippery self-promoter 
an original 
admitted egomaniac 
for every taste 
a teenybopper ed wood film , 
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , 
a terrible movie 
of the most curiously depressing 
unfunny tricks 
hitting your head on the theater seat 
performances 
a faster paced family flick . 
of the best of the swashbucklers 
resorting to camp or parody 
watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain 
make interesting 
a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller 
with humor 
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson 
grow boring 
over and over again . 
pc stability notwithstanding 
got a place in your heart for smokey robinson 
hungry-man portions of bad ' 
of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 
crass , contrived sequels 
unexpected twists 
they threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . 
cleverest 
this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action . 
beautifully shaped 
in on the resourceful amnesiac 
excellent performances on its side 
has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship 
despite its visual virtuosity , ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . 
truly wonderful tale 
unequivocally 
the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year 
shows excess in business and pleasure , 
truly bad 
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , ( harris ) brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman . 
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint 
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but 
infectiously enthusiastic 
is by far the worst movie of the year 
right-wing , propriety-obsessed family 
... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . 
invitingly upbeat 
soulful , scathing and 
have sprung from such a great one 
'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser 
controversy 
make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat 
like a copout 
classical dramatic animated feature 
does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 
like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit . 
does all of this , and more 
the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical 
connection and concern 
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ? 
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow 
said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees 
's horribly depressing and not very well done . 
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him . 
been smoother or more confident 
was entranced . 
to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone 
the ultimate imax trip 
deeply biased , and 
swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements 
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus . 
easy , cynical potshots 
a noble end 
b.s. one another 
's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community 
of these tragic deaths 
that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist . 
a thin notion 
impenetrable and 
the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 
wickedly funny and 
a lower i.q. than when i had entered 
mostly undeterminable 
truly in love with a girl 
thoughtlessly 
, he has no clue about making a movie 
it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 
a powerful commentary 
stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 
a minor miracle of self-expression 
a sense of childhood imagination 
as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 
a great cast and a great idea 
deserving 
real vitality 
a superfluous sequel 
impeccable comic timing , 
are terribly wasted . 
i did n't smile . 
is great 
does n't add up to a whole lot 
furious 
the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 
of its lurid fiction 
fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences 
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . 
phony imagery or music 
sound so dull 
a philosophical void 
realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital 
absurdist 
which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 
made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 
, then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
uncluttered 
hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread 
's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent 
purely enjoyable 
left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 
sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans 
it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous . 
pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry . 
culture-clash comedy 
more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie 
with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them 
followed through 
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned 
more fun than conan the barbarian 
on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy 
a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking 
of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away 
a term paper 
reactionary ideas about women 
dubious 
be another shameless attempt by disney 
feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time 
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune 
depressing story 
downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness 
, bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . 
his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family 
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... 
absurd finale 
does n't live up to the exalted tagline 
bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie 
the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work 
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation . 
feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end 
refreshing 
a convincing impersonation 
no-surprise 
leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying 
hastily and 
curiously tepid and choppy recycling 
mostly magnificent directorial career 
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope 
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie . 
profane 
secondhand material 
the sulking , moody male hustler 
wasting away inside unnecessary films 
while cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem . 
the world 's greatest teacher 
equally engrossing 
climactic 
been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit 
get no satisfaction 
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and 
delivered in low-key style 
it 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 
an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart 
very much like life 
can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 
try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about 
the hype 
peaked about three years ago 
a comedic moment in this romantic comedy 
inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor 
there are also some startling , surrealistic moments 
direct-to-video 
that delivers on the promise of excitement 
from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer 
its recent predecessor miserably 
to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets 
distracted by the movie 's quick movements 
than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy 
a wonderfully warm human drama 
breathes more on the big screen 
were more repulsive 
honest working man john q. archibald , 
painfully flat gross-out comedy 
fearless purity 
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque 
nothing really happens 
a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 
it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work . 
purpose and finesse 
a single surprise 
although fairly involving as far as it goes 
would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special 
at once laughable and compulsively watchable 
manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it . 
sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent 
convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them 
problematic quest 
lacks balance 
with brooms and what is kind of special 
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that 
it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame . 
warm 
generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series . 
dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy 
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film 
low-tech magic realism and , at times , 
a masterful work 
does n't have all the answers 
is its utter sincerity . 
this engaging mix of love and bloodletting 
anchored by splendid performances 
implodes 
slight and uninventive 
, it already has one strike against it . 
take you to outer space 
does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door 
great film 
who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents 
but quietly effective retelling 
re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting 
it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half 
the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages 
one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches 
an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women 
moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it 
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch 
a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 
the pungent bite of its title 
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing . 
there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) 
generally amusing from time 
about the filmmaker 's characteristic style 
discovering your destination in life 
their idol 's energy and passion for detail 
a tone poem of transgression . 
-- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- 
provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . 
interesting matters of identity and heritage 
glancing vividly back 
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , 
were a series of bible parables and not an actual story 
, this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 
tremendous chemistry 
feel like a 10-course banquet 
degrades its characters , its stars and its audience 
proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . 
not a participant 
make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice 
takes a backseat in his own film to special effects 
elegance 
we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes . 
of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 
to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity 
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is . 
it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways 
, endearing , masterful 
with exquisite craftsmanship ... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . 
definitely a step in the right direction 
most intense psychological mysteries 
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , 
of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy 
cold 
to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece 
this is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn . 
of purpose or even a plot 
visually 
probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . 
with such provocative material 
look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction 
be lost on the target audience 
good laughs 
boring talking heads , 
slash-fest 
an actor this uncharismatically beautiful 
accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 
achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding 
to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside 
satisfyingly 
a worthy substitute 
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action . 
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers 
wanes . 
's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long . 
be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play 
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder 
to visit , this laboratory of laughter 
marshall keeps the energy humming , and 
does n't make any sense 
the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans . 
an improvement 
explosive 
perfectly 
he does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash . 
as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 
of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance 
hits all the verbal marks it should . 
engaging characters 
would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 
, nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 
it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 
whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth 
that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 
shows moments of promise 
a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women . 
audacious-impossible 
it made me feel unclean , and 
wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence 
beaches 
far less crass 
is as close as you can get to an imitation movie 
underconfident 
real magic , 
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve 
but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 
that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients 
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and 
painfully bad 
ultimately insignificant 
given by the capable cast 
i say , entertaining 
and damaged dreams 
of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car 
liberating 
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences . 
truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 
give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard 
, caring 
confessions is n't always coherent 
a haunting ode to humanity 
the more influential works 
gedeck 
we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized . 
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france 
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and 
a visually compelling one 
just does n't add up . 
apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . 
loud , ugly , irritating 
droll whimsy 
make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits 
considerable punch 
that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention 
returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension 
if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution 
in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . 
charming , sometimes infuriating 
shows the promise of digital filmmaking 
of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel 
seems endless . 
of joy and energy 
, in itself , is extraordinary . 
that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release 
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing . 
does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it . 
be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike 
there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . 
has its heart ( and its palate ) 
remarkable performance 
can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down 
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation 
the most compelling performance of the year 
with great help from kevin kline 
inspiring , ironic , and 
toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard 
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- 
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , 
y tu mamá también is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt . 
we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking 
something fresh to say 
sealed with a kiss 
from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed 
if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 
sappy 
, finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee 
to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies 
should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie . 
as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times 
can take the grandkids or the grandparents 
highly watchable , giggly little story 
the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action 
there 's something about mary and both american pie movies 
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , 
wise-beyond-her-years teen 
'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper 
drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes 
a few ear-pleasing songs 
's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd 
potent 
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality . 
, lan yu never catches dramatic fire . 
highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making 
flat 
it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , 
too clichéd 
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents 
wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller 
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 
the promise of excitement 
the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long 
such a talented director as chen kaige 
recognize 
's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 
vibrant creative instincts 
not only better than its predecessor 
film ' in the worst sense of the expression 
despite its promising cast of characters 
an accuracy 
the movie is better than you might think . 
apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 
too-conscientious adaptation 
had a lot of problems with this movie 
what an embarrassment . 
humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation 
enough funny 
lacks the detail of the book 
to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness 
cleverly constructed scenario 
mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar 
has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them . 
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece . 
everlasting 
is wondrously creative 
the top japanese animations 
romanticization 
gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo 
an 88-minute rip-off of the rock 
just copies 
'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama . 
rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . 
its clumsiness 
presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care 
remains the real masterpiece 
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better 
very few laughs and even less surprises 
elegantly appointed 
endure instead of 
a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal 
like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people . 
clean 
the last kiss is really all about performances . 
all the hearts it won -- and wins still 
is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish . 
jar-jar binks : the movie 
people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 . 
pushiness 
enhances the personal touch of manual animation 
is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe . 
taken 
a true delight . 
all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing 
it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple 
cliched and 
a clear point 
lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed 
is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus 
does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity . 
has a pleasing way with a metaphor 
i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed 
immensely 
any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . 
unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk 
this is one of the year 's best films . 
amusing , tender and heart-wrenching 
satire and childhood awakening 
its intended audience -- children -- 
, this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit . 
rohmer still has a sense of his audience 
, the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , 
this movie sucks . ' 
crummy-looking videotape 
it 's robert duvall ! 
-- elegant technology for the masses -- 
feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes . 
rusted-out ruin 
slick and manufactured to claim street credibility . 
has all the hallmarks of a movie 
never reach satisfying conclusions 
more quick-witted than any english lit 
content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 
in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness 
unusual but unfortunately also irritating 
marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress 
is funny , insightfully human and 
natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel 
pinheads 
to the concept of loss 
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , 
little visible talent 
welcome relief 
my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow 
a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something . 
a sad and rote exercise 
the solid filmmaking 
carry the film 
amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . 
she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion 
too amateurish and awkward 
weird and wonderful 
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and 
know what it wants to be when it grows up 
's most memorable about circuit 
gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust . 
never clearly defines his characters 
a mere plot pawn 
romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters 
a fascinating character 
into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department 
the long and eventful spiritual journey 
oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) 
, ( haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? ' 
wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie 
call me a cynic , 
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor 
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) 
, groan and hiss 
the best script that besson has written in years 
after an uncertain start 
it 's impossible to care who wins 
star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life 
its visual merits 
find anything to get excited about on this dvd 
the uninspired scripts , acting and direction 
the plot seems a bit on the skinny side 
a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice 
most brilliant and brutal 
the rich and sudden wisdom , the film 
lame . 
gore 
amounts to little more than punishment . 
to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals 
a glass of flat champagne 
cheatfully 
intellect and 
respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it 
see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 
forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s 
does display an original talent 
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent 
rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations 
greatest films 
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy 
a radiant character portrait 
the worst dialogue 
provoked to intolerable levels 
that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller 
a performance that is masterly 
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history 
it will warm your heart 
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... 
( or robert aldrich 
's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory 
is like being trapped at a bad rock concert 
scorcher 
you should be able to find better entertainment . 
of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience 
overwrought ending 
demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon 
all its moodiness 
the cold light 
deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still 
as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films 
has its rewards . 
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , 
dull-witted and disquietingly 
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , 
from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display 
impressive results 
all right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 
is still charming here . 
has moments of inspired humor , 
impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture 
the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . 
is n't even halfway 
sour 
finds itself in reduced circumstances 
something is rotten in the state of california 
he has no character , loveable or otherwise 
yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . 
utterly transcend gender 
are great rewards here 
winning performances and 
de niro ) 
drowned out 
distinctive 
signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 
a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 
make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . 
confrontations 
keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired . 
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion . 
no affinity for most of the characters 
has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff 
all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream 
of the potential for sanctimoniousness 
a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories 
finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort 
noble end 
is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes 
is perfectly creepy and believable 
smirk 
to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie 
deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history . 
there 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right . 
the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness 
's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby 
of softheaded metaphysical claptrap 
a movie theater 
tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie 
, politically charged tapestry 
reverent , and subtly different 
painful to watch 
give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed . 
puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula 
can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial 
calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored 
the subtitles fool you 
takes every potential laugh 
with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 
well worth revisiting as many times as possible 
marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending 
is authentic to the core of his being . 
that is slow to those of us in middle age 
a romantic crime comedy 
stylized humor throughout 
old enough to have developed some taste 
sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies 
unexpectedly moving meditation 
a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure 
mean-spirited and 
highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda 
as relationships shift , director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc . 
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute 
itself is small and shriveled 
love and power 
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks . 
what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates . 
the `` a '' range , 
it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz 
'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper . 
an impressive and highly entertaining celebration 
a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school 
drag the movie down 
( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 
assassination 
low , very low , very 
one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity 
fighting off the urge to doze 
why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers 
to go around , with music and laughter 
's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 
poky 
finely detailed 
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy . 
the shabby digital photography 
campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 
particularly joyless 
a video helmer 
rounded and revealing overview 
layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 
who handily makes the move from pleasing 
is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops 
here ... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 
sluggish 
the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment 
as hilariously raunchy as south park 
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic . 
manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 
slow pacing 
modest 
slurs 
have a story and a script 
no charm , no laughs 
charming and witty 
time bombs and 
genuinely funny ensemble 
the funniest moments 
for all audiences 
exceedingly memorable one for most people 
feces 
fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters 
to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us 
this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be . 
, has solid acting and a neat premise 
make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad 
piano 
an extremely unpleasant film 
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line 
sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse 
takes its title all too literally 
some episodes work , some do n't . 
( less a movie than ) an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so 
catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance 
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . 
ingenious fun 
that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant 
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story 
is n't really one of resources 
for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness 
of exploitative garbage 
though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie 
is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone 
opens today 
various characters express their quirky inner selves 
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family , 
rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek 
committed to growth in his ninth decade 
rather brilliant little cult item 
intricate , intimate and intelligent 
, norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , 
's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters 
say it was a guilty pleasure 
is never dull 
to a new , self-deprecating level 
smart and well-crafted 
collapses 
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 
is tenderly observant of his characters 
a genuine and singular artist 
with most intelligent viewers 
it falls far short of poetry 
the cast is impressive 
summer entertainment 
funny and 
a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience 
got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease 
unfortunately , it 's also not very good . 
, you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work . 
is interminable 
an uninspired preachy and clichéd war 
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry 
second chance to find love in the most unlikely place 
irritatingly 
writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured . 
'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back 
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , 
is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . 
of motherhood and desperate mothers 
a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse 
's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter 
is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences 
pretty watchable 
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was 
from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings 
pathetic , starving and untalented 
that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack 
inspiring or insightful 
a more graceful way 
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one . 
sappy , preachy one 
nothing but an episode of smackdown 
is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this . 
crafty , energetic and smart 
adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed 
sweet and fluffy 
with formalist experimentation in cinematic art 
scotland looks wonderful 
the filmmakers ' eye for detail and 
meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , 
i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further 
friends 
it 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense . 
valiant 
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 ' 
a bad premise , 
a gorgeous pair 
feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick 
subzero version 
head-turner 
which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal 
gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful . 
no clue about making a movie 
a sweet and modest 
far-flung , illogical , and 
is validated by the changing composition of the nation 
sophomore effort 
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process 
frantic than involving , 
enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over . 
` triumph ' 
its courageousness , and comedic employment 
has a funny moment or two 
wo n't be sitting through this one again 
, the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script . 
notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should . 
copycat 
an erratic career 
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished 
more playful tone 
motionless characters 
` possession , ' based on the book by a.s. byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit 
had the misfortune to watch in quite some time 
of hollywood fluff 
coolness 
that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres 
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive . 
, nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . 
is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 
botching 
good as the original 
portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite 
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion 
a ` girls gone wild ' video 
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact 
-- as well its delightful cast -- 
humorous and tender 
gives an intriguing twist 
, your senses are as mushy as peas 
an unsettling sight 
beautiful , timeless and universal tale 
collective 
wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair 
's lovely and amazing 
dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director 
be tried as a war criminal 
reunion 
block 
shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder . 
what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination 
refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 
so bleak 
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd . 
falters 
it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works 
my two hours better watching 
, inescapably gorgeous , 
of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness 
the adventure does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 . 
in crisis 
predictable romantic comedy 
with an avid interest in the subject 
takes form 
uneventful 
bad 
new release 
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be 
sad , sick sight 
hit 
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world 
earnest movie 
a warmth that is n't faked 
then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment . 
tendentious intervention 
it 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark . 
plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once 
a horrible movie 
are served with a hack script . 
the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen 
such self-amused trash 
not into high-tech splatterfests 
pay to see it 
adobo 
at least a few good ideas and 
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 
seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested . 
in a tasteful , intelligent manner 
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , 
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , 
this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs 
wise and powerful tale 
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough 
as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' 
of delightful hand shadows 
who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness 
lustrous polished visuals 
turn and devolves 
is painfully bad 
rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes . 
gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years 
just did n't care 
dope 
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , 
passionate heart 
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness 
its sheer dynamism is infectious . 
which they have been patiently waiting for 
why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad 
it 's hard to say who might enjoy this 
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking . 
made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 
is a pretty good job 
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere . 
drown a viewer in boredom 
sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue 
echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies 
leave you wanting more , 
a hilarious kenneth branagh 
it 's so lackluster 
car to drive through 
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , 
deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk 
to eat popcorn 
concentrates far too much 
sports aficionados 
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor . 
's something about mary and both american pie movies 
like brosnan 's performance 
feels cheated 
it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 
( a ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting 
is extraordinarily good 
does n't work because there is no foundation for it 
the previous movies 
leave it 
director to watch 
extra little something 
... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project ! 
for humor in so many teenage comedies 
does sound promising in theory 
providing no real sense of suspense 
's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 
it were , well , more adventurous 
its recycled aspects , 
become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past 
de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors 
adorable 
dead-end 
the form of dazzling pop entertainment 
well-formed 
stunning new young talent 
this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point . 
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director 
pleasantly and predictably 
the worst kind of mythologizing 
one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' . 
that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters 
very depressing 
well-crafted psychological study 
it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , 
of good acting 
unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun . 
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and 
forgotten 10 minutes 
it might have held my attention , but 
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next 
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations . 
straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company . 
false , sitcom-worthy solutions 
tremble without losing his machismo 
the thrill 
a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it 
complete waste 
ranges from bad 
stirring , funny 
probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists 
the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet 
i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master 
mopes 
a true pleasure . 
the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope 
intellectually and logistically 
thoughtful screenplay 
intriguing and 
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . 
the proficient , dull sorvino 
be really awful 
sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that 
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely 
charismatic and tragically 
game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters 
far less sophisticated and 
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing . 
a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public 
the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves 
does a solid job of slowly , 
, timeless and universal tale 
'' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . '' 
a derivative collection 
sodden and glum 
powerful , inflammatory film 
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie 
a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out 
spell things out for viewers 
nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them 
fit in any modern action movie 
'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike 
, they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . 
sharply comic and surprisingly touching 
, spiteful idiots 
examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less 
will likely enjoy this monster 
's an unhappy situation 
is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down 
about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family 
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film . 
irreparable 
worst film 
, you feel alive - which is what they did 
drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category 
's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts 
as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 
have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . 
, stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie . 
rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed 
with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone 
careless and 
jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval . 
watchable up until the point 
still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned . 
victorious revolutionaries 
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 
just how much more grueling and time-consuming 
extraordinary access 
of love , family and all that 
eloquent , deeply felt meditation 
a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker 
beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 
is both gripping and compelling 
half-hearted fluke 
balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy 
targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic 
sneak out of the theater 
moaning about their cruel fate 
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum 's good intentions . 
itself is about something very interesting and odd that 
is a masterpiece 
enter and accept another world 
about bad cinema 
winning and wildly fascinating work 
a compelling yarn 
elevates the material above pat inspirational status 
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films . 
sameness 
ridiculous wig 
a sharp , amusing study 
it won -- and wins still 
the last metro ) 
hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now . 
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part . 
give it considerable punch . 
will leave you wanting to abandon the theater 
clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . 
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women 
upper west sidey 
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing 
incredible subtlety and acumen 
can be considered work 
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends . 
shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material 
unengaging 
excellent performances 
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable . 
is a total misfire . 
of this reactionary thriller 
was worth your seven bucks 
you there is no sense 
delightful little film 
mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun 
smart , funny 
eloquent language 
if a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 
liability 
when none of them are ever any good 
truths 
of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family 
ultimately life-affirming 
is strictly routine 
's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise 
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through . 
enormously enjoyable 
visit , this laboratory of laughter 
is an interesting movie 
before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy 
weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces 
atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad 
leaves a bitter taste . 
fussy 
pulpy 
rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects . 
high-profile talent 
of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation 
acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , 
about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses 
the story is predictable 
, it does n't disappoint . 
of no erotic or sensuous charge 
good documentary 
for a thirteen-year-old 's book report 
renowned 
is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all 
near-masterpiece 
with scenes so true and heartbreaking 
is not only the best date movie of the year 
is a likable story , told with competence . 
feels painfully redundant and inauthentic 
its attractive young leads 
waterlogged script 
that never quite gel 
's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . 
once in a while a film 
been there done that 
their funny bones tickled 
that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks . 
is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life . 
genial than ingenious 
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled . 
of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun 
really tells the tale 
raw-nerved story 
been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format 
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner 
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time 
clear-eyed chronicle 
this too-long , spoofy update 
irony-free 
in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped 
a live-wire film 
bliss 
the most sincere and artful movie 
the glaring triteness of the plot device 
against all odds 
in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself 
you feel pissed off 
is analytical 
like it 
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , 
is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus 
's strongest and most touching movie of recent years 
, surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait . 
beckons us all 
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . 
need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is . 
can find humor 
is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables 
inside an enigma 
simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . 
has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience 
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and 
more enjoyable 
their work is fantastic . 
( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) 
there are entertaining and audacious moments 
remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics 
margarita happy hour 
throughout all the tumult 
soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic . 
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye . 
plenty of entertainment value 
acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending 
certainly 
detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world 
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s . 
put you off 
gender-provoking 
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received 
charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments 
plodding mess 
was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body 
long , 
may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all 
the more overtly silly dialogue 
big trouble could be considered a funny little film . 
go down in the annals of cinema 
of love and humility 
, it 's a work of enthralling drama 
falls 
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy . 
were made for the palm screen 
gondry 's direction is adequate 
daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope 
our special talents can be when put in service of of others 
neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm . 
at existing photos 
picked me up , swung me around , 
's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale 
manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum 
fresh air now and then 
set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock 
it takes chances that are bold by studio standards 
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent . 
too much syrup 
a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget 
is that it does n't give a damn 
of the band 
for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 
elegant film 
lifetime milestones 
it 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do . 
in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis 
courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis 
complete shambles 
tediously 
are married for political reason 
please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies 
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema . 
good , 
be nominated for an oscar next year 
poo-poo jokes are ` edgy 
skip this dreck , rent animal house 
weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 
conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible 
is so often nearly nothing 
slow for a younger crowd 
, the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is . 
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... 
everybody loves a david and goliath story 
so integrated with the story 
's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch 
the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it 
despite its floating narrative 
my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart 
and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics 
you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler 
lose 
, captures a life interestingly lived 
that it comes off as annoying rather than charming 
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , 
according to wendigo , ` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . 
on the success of bollywood 
noticeably less energy and imagination 
'll probably run out screaming . 
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 
is a movie you can trust 
lead actress andie macdowell 
a disaster 
has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy 
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever 
moving and revelatory 
loses all bite on the big screen . 
to have bitterly forsaken 
rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone 
you to scratch a hole in your head 
showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . 
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show . 
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 
that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort 
slight but sweet 
slightly wised-up kids 
involved , 
a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and 
an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos 
is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! 
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming . 
it tight and nasty 
the film has a terrific look 
you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 
purposefully reductive movie 
hooks us 
sinks 
a superior moral tone 
at soccer hooliganism 
to its ultimate demise 
speculative effort 
contemptible imitator 
humor and poignancy 
of freshness , imagination and insight 
devoid 
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s 
a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 
is even more embracing than monty , 
is almost entirely witless and inane , 
, fat , dumb 
conflicts 
a bitter taste 
above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters 
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative . 
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere . 
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , 
depressingly thin 
what 's infuriating about full frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense . 
that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted 
assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 
makes its point 
born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues 
well done , but slow 
deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this 
match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try 
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat . 
when cares melted away in the dark theater 
threatens 
that the journey is such a mesmerizing one 
very well-meaning movie , 
yields surprises 
a pathetic exploitation film 
give credit to affleck 
the worst movies 
a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell 
proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . 
does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence 
of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least 
stuffy 
is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs 
this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost . 
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 
opera-ish story 
fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation 
by weaving a theme throughout this funny film 
to mediocrity 
to its inevitable tragic conclusion 
is a little tired 
makes it worth the trip to the theater 
striking , quietly vulnerable personality 
degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . 
more tacky and reprehensible 
is frustratingly unconvincing . 
by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out 
memorable performances 
it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker 
kids will love its fantasy and adventure 
peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth 
that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash 
, inconsistent , dishonest 
'' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! '' 
vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends 
asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives 
her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair 
reward 
otherwise talented 
most intense 
and often contradictory 
what we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . 
hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion 
it 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough . 
especially with the weak payoff 
directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue 
aimlessness 
the actors are humanly engaged 
a small , personal film 
screen been so aggressively anti-erotic 
to the tailor for some major alterations 
from their incessant whining 
resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... 
had all its vital essence scooped 
the greatest date movies 
a really special walk 
could restage the whole thing in your bathtub 
claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains . 
it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony 
's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera 
screen presence 
routine action and jokes like this 
picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks 
represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side 
than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies 
the right frame of mind 
accomplished and 
character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller 
too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil 
summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle 
to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth 
's a spectacular performance - ahem 
finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality . 
the acting is fine but 
a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't 
for a barf bag 
grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 
feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story 
banged their brains into the ground so frequently 
lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings 
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and 
much of jonah simply , and gratefully , 
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance . 
proud 
the sad schlock merchant 
here lacks considerable brio . 
enhances the excellent performances 
's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia 
actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen 
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people 
his surprising discovery of love and humility 
one not-so-small problem 
original nor terribly funny 
so beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 
about intelligent high school 
so warm and fuzzy 
while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 
showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season 
large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride . 
action-packed chiller 
whenever you think you 've figured out late marriage 
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , 
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , 
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf . 
the color sense of stuart little 2 
it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice . 
hackneyed and 
is always welcome . 
pure composition and 
business and pleasure 
a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation 
're in for a painful ride . 
uncompelling the movie 
manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks . 
unsubtle 
a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography 
will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned 
is the most disappointing woody allen movie 
sanctimonious 
directed but terminally cute drama . 
most opaque , self-indulgent 
on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction 
empathy 
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy . 
a finely tuned mood 
lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . 
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , 
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family 
has all the wiggling energy of young kitten 
prejudices 
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . 
a heart , mind or humor 
damned in queen of the damned 
, it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women . 
charming result 
's not that funny 
enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright 
in itself , is extraordinary . 
sappy and amateurish 
the young stars are too cute ; 
several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 
a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images 
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes 
its pretensions 
skillfully assembled , highly polished 
remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end 
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather 
get inside you 
too dry and 
banal and predictable . 
from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc 
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real 
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them 
awesome work 
to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers 
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera . 
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 
chopsocky 
it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with 
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , 
when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant 
should have stayed there 
aggravating and 
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary . 
have preceded it 
you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though 
spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say 
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment . 
two fine actors , morgan freeman and 
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out . 
stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold 
to care about 
since ghostbusters 
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful 
the man and 
against governmental odds 
loses its sense of humor 
, i 'll buy the soundtrack . 
gently humorous and touching . 
at this beautifully drawn movie 
an undeniably moving film to experience , and 
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , 
provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . 
to finally revel in its splendor 
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . 
eloquent 
's pretty stupid 
, evans is no hollywood villain 
stop buying tickets 
it 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , 
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy . 
's appealingly manic and energetic 
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish 
'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget 
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing . 
you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 
acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 
is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure 
marks to take on any life of its own 
a flick boasting this many genuine cackles 
, soap opera-ish dialogue 
choreographed 
a rock-solid little genre picture 
recommend `` never again 
is born to play shaggy ! 
the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . ' 
showtime 's uninspired send-up 
ominous mood and tension 
turn down 
of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure 
the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work . 
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 
professional film 
believe that people have lost the ability to think and 
guilty about it 
in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets 
lousy john q 
by the time the credits roll across the pat ending 
bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary 
major waste 
the old mib label stands for milder is n't better . 
a pretty funny movie , 
the interior lives of the characters in his film 
of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire 
fascinating documentary 
pretty damned funny 
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is 
talented enough and 
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller 
's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room 
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly 
19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick 
's quite fun in places 
the rest of the cast is uniformly superb 
did n't mean much to me and 
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference . 
does n't have big screen magic 
is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces 
with grace and panache 
exploitation film 
needed so badly but what is virtually absent 
is more fully 
while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . 
offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 
this film biggest problem 
its recycled aspects , implausibility , and 
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look 
for lameness 
much of the action takes place 
bang your head 
is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit . 
too many tried-and-true shenanigans 
a visionary 
resorting to camp 
the worst elements of all of them 
enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references 
vapid 
powerful and deeply moving 
a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action 
energy and geniality 
heart-warming 
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little 
delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . 
drama 
want to think too much about what 's going on 
a great cast and 
friendship , 
an intelligent flick 
one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels 
a tarantino movie with heart 
its delightful cast 
first shocking thing 
something of the ultimate scorsese film 
of being boring 
, `` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 
from a bygone era 
at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 
several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , 
riveting and 
as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today 
suited for the history or biography channel 
a beautiful film to watch 
is its personable , amusing cast 
a warm , fuzzy feeling 
beautiful , evocative 
in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers 
that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination 
the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation 
sensuous and spirited 
an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents 
the lines work 
pack a powerful emotional wallop 
a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness 
flavors and emotions 
wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy 
gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar 
raises some worthwhile themes 
capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance . 
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . 
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but 
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper 
some robust and scary entertainment 
's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful . 
the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance 
bludgeoning 
a disaster of a drama 
a mere excuse 
simply not funny performers 
engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often 
super heroes 
bravura performance 
powerful and astonishingly vivid 
a copy of a copy of a copy 
a joy 
viewers out in the cold and 
a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 
from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 
curiosity factors 
the incessant use 
, it is twice as bestial but half as funny . 
good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone 
kind , unapologetic 
finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground 
told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing . 
deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie 
is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 
inescapably gorgeous , 
victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers 
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie . 
best short 
's tough to watch 
cable channel 
maguire makes it a comic book with soul 
is an amicable endeavor 
never clearly defines his characters or 
be an attempt at hardass american 
's nothing very attractive about this movie 
arduous 
( woo 's ) most resonant film since the killer . 
a paunchy midsection , 
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time 
, rent the disney version . 
belittle a cinema classic 
nasty 
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer 
charm , cultivation and devotion 
pairing clayburgh and tambor 
gets bogged down over 140 minutes . 
is fantastic . 
titillating 
through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 
thematic content and narrative strength 
has had a successful career in tv 
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , 
it 's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . 
they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . 
like the rock on a wal-mart budget 
to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 
a retail clerk 
everywhere 
a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics 
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences . 
unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints 
deeper every time 
good noir 
fun cheese puff 
doing battle 
as sappy as big daddy 
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest 
whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace 
entrapment 
freakish 
in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 
ultimately worthwhile 
we never feel anything for these characters 
` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women 
flopped as surely 
seem so impersonal or even shallow 
splendidly 
entertained 
of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation 
's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original 
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them . 
good surprise ending 
despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela . 
intermittently wise 
fast , funny , and even touching story 
a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening 
sentimentalized 
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series 
seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony 
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 
growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body 
look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd . 
a lousy script , 
perry 's good and his is an interesting character 
deliberately and skillfully 
which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard 
is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . 
this crude , this fast-paced and this insane 
what 's even more remarkable 
sweet , even delectable 
if you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 
clueless 
love and compassion 
but this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better . 
the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes . 
masterpeice 
do n't judge this one too soon 
none of this is very original , and 
the most surprising thing about this film 
grownups 
an intriguing story of maternal instincts 
is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . 
glorious 
wannabe comedy 
too silly to take seriously . 
more challenging or depressing 
that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast 
taylor 's cartoonish performance 
an above-average thriller 
targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic . 
and twisted characters 
the stuff of lurid melodrama 
a woozy quality 
has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised . 
fake documentary 
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' 
more bizarre than 
... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone . 
in the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes . 
can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain . 
a calculating fiend 
hopelessly out 
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . 
you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson 
on sophisticated , discerning taste 
us 
is so self-pitying 
repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery 
, lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 
pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity 
a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout 
are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films 
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , 
refreshes the mind and spirit 
a treatise on spirituality 
does n't have much to say beyond the news 
the story subtle and us in suspense 
a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 
`` shock humor '' 
you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 
into an urban hades 
is no denying the power of polanski 's film 
mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering 
is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane . 
an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 
punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot 
moments of inspired humor 
has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film 
ingenuity 
mean it 's good enough for our girls 
it 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' . 
of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys 
is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky . 
blustery 
intensely lived 
the worst film 
her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant 
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , 
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon . 
as a story of dramatic enlightenment 
humor and heart 
a mostly magnificent directorial career 
engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks 
it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators 
a lot of talent 
i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short 
of teen-speak and animal gibberish 
air conditioning and popcorn 
a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play 
there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . 
equally impressive degree 
catch me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . 
if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie . 
something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern 
worth the journey 
cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay 
makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera 
too little excitement and zero compelling storyline 
dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate 
a flashy editing style 
evokes a palpable sense 
if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks 
utterly painful to watch 
, changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . 
all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow . 
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors 
rather leaden and dull 
made the first film so special 
it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously . 
no character , loveable or otherwise 
are a little too big for her mouth 
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly . 
of a river of sadness that pours into every frame 
the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series 
no charm , no laughs , no fun , 
heartfelt conviction 
`` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods 
is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . 
that soars above the material realm 
quirky and fearless ability 
the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay . 
deftly entertaining film 
be fruitful 
the script 's flaws 
plays like some corny television 
without placing their parents in a coma-like state 
comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title . 
sharp and quick 
several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is 
proper home 
in the arguments of competing lawyers 
packed with just as much intelligence as action 
winning performances and some effecting moments 
would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors . 
hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - 
getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good 
so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . 
life and love 
a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds 
frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds 
is a lot more bluster than bite 
powerful emotional wallop 
some tasty grub 
abomination 
a bad run 
one relentlessly depressing situation 
intensely 
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers 
kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust . 
in a class with spike lee 's masterful 
for a critical and commercial disaster 
academy award 
allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range 
been exhausted by documentarians 
the most amazing super-sized dosage 
debilitating 
unadulterated thrills 
it is a hilarious place to visit 
full 
you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 
the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy 
the right time in the history of our country 
putrid it is not worth 
the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged 
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay 
cinematic poet 
slow death 
a heroic tale 
uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ... 
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy 
than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter 
strike a chord 
move over bond 
clumsy 
is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 
lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire 
is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors . 
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot . 
ultra-cheesy 
quick-buck 
a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it . 
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period . 
condescending stereotypes 
may have been born to make 
a kind of ghandi gone bad 
's just too dry and too placid 
beautiful canvas 
with an original idea for a teen movie 
relies on subtle ironies and visual devices 
look ahead and resist living in a past 
excuse for a film 
unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker 
insane comic undertaking 
a bad movie that happened to good actors . 
movie special 
might as well be watching a rerun 
's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers 
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . 
a calculating fiend or 
, chilling and heart-warming 
have n't laughed that hard in years ! 
collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush 
entertaining to watch the target practice 
trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness . 
wrenching performances 
appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness 
is flat 
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , 
plutonium 
a clever adaptation 
worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés 
is astonishing 
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness . 
shines 
will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime 
works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life 
in its characterizations 
is well established 
offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single 
an enjoyable choice 
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand 
a film school undergrad 
the downward spiral comes to pass 
is one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it 
20th anniversary edition 
that tries too hard to be emotional 
, the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series 
might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned 
has a true cinematic knack 
not-very-funny comedy 
, the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 
, the movie makes two hours feel like four . 
makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde 
charged 
purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 
the scarifying 
the worst film of the year 
like it was worth your seven bucks 
the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage 
a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast . 
opened it up for all of us 
recycled and dumbed-down version 
saved from 
filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy 
an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- 
theories 
discomfort and embarrassment 
amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings 
sink the movie . 
laughs -- 
after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers 
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke 
allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly . 
emotionally complex 
every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary 
from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather 
watered down 
all of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . 
coen brothers 
sentimentality and annoying 
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna . 
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable . 
thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time 
the most part a useless movie , even with 
has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange 
an overly familiar scenario 
originality of plot 
on subtle ironies and visual devices 
succeed at cheapening it 
she 's pretty 
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard ... and the 1999 guy ritchie 
watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . 
the plot is paper-thin and 
tender and 
so old-fashioned 
that acting transfigures esther 
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff . 
fascinate in their recklessness 
good simmer 
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast 
ignore but a little too smugly superior to like 
, but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible 
slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale 
to my great pleasure , 
about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones 
fresh and 
skilfully 
is n't as easy to come by as it used to be 
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure . 
the movie could be released in this condition 
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? 
like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish . 
effort and 
the world 's best actors 
finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise 
boring , self-important stories 
a gritty style and an excellent cast 
with big heart 
in their recklessness 
who re-invents himself 
proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages 
should definitely get top billing 
frustration 
the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow 
the holes in this film remain agape -- 
manufactured to me and artificial 
... too sappy for its own good . 
does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection 
some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 
a far bigger , far more meaningful story 
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date . 
should be poignant 
that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him 
, then triple x marks the spot . 
shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper . 
like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces 
of the stand-up comic 
offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . 
sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings 
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken . 
the impressively discreet filmmakers 
the soulful development 
visually flashy 
recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to 
's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart 
a little melodramatic , but with enough 
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself 
reveals itself slowly , intelligently , 
the beaten path , not necessarily for the better 
thoughtful and surprisingly affecting 
for a breath of fresh air now and then 
's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 
his future wife 
provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway 
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising 
and yet , it still works . 
interesting controversy 
intelligent , 
as a low-budget series on a uhf channel 
like a good guy 
dripping with cliche 
disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice 
evocative shades 
to suffer ' 
be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro 
epic scope 
feeble tootsie knockoff . 
there 's nothing exactly wrong here 
will assuredly have their funny bones tickled 
that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character 
the most watchable film of the year 
become a spielberg trademark 
at 18 or 80 
tiring 
logical 
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . ' 
richly rewarded 
the best of them 
involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 
undeniably fascinating and playful fellow 
that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood 
relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial 
as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix 
does little that is actually funny with the material 
star bruce willis 
most pitiful directing 
-- and at times , all 
characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity 
worthless 
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem . 
time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . 
has far more energy 
to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 
both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting 
is enough to give you brain strain 
her most charmless 
not a bad way 
fresh 
on its way 
lightweight but appealing 
encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation 
self-promotion ends and 
and it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . 
like their romances to have that french realism 
recommend it , 
a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** 
developed with more care 
, windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . 
a fun one 
the master of innuendo 
decent ones 
grandeur ' shots 
of its pretensions 
qualities 
what ?!? 
frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy 
best performance 
kind of special 
have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama 
demonic 
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome 
because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks 
the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for 
into a typical romantic triangle 
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons 
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 
of the theater feeling 
killed my father 
of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 
compellingly watchable . 
the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving 
feels counterproductive 
recommend this film 
grown-up film 
been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky 
would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered 
repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 
across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited 
this 20th anniversary edition of the film 
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , 
this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful 
superstar 
undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs 
elegantly appointed period drama 
third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby 
more complete than indecent proposal 
any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling 
irritating films 
experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 
some delightful work on indie projects 
and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans 
excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries . 
's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out 
is n't as funny 
engaging offbeat touches 
the importance of being earnest 
compassion , sacrifice , and christian love 
outstanding feature debut 
out of control 
it 's a bargain-basement european pickup . 
anemic , 
defiantly and delightfully against the grain 
of the worst movies of one year 
with few moments of joy rising above the stale material 
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger 
you feel guilty about it 
a soulless jumble of ineptly 
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen 
equate to being good , 
gentle 
it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all 
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , 
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself . 
time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference 
quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls 
two-dimensional offerings 
naturalistic 
is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power 
slightest difficulty 
a pleasing , 
of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters 
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line 
the finest kind 
keep it entertaining 
mediocre movies 
uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory 
it suits the script 
gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels 
trying to have the best of both worlds 
's an unhappy situation all around 
mythic status 
( a ) slummer . 
visually masterful work 
all comedy is subversive , 
the always hilarious meara and levy 
poignant and wryly amusing film 
that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent 
like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy than a half-hearted fluke . 
was more diverting and thought-provoking 
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters 
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 
get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby 
most severe 
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional . 
... silly humbuggery ... 
that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel 
the message is too blatant 
all-star reunions 
-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw . 
fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian . 
that provide its thrills and extreme emotions 
contemporary southern adolescence 
us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher 
the formula is familiar but enjoyable . 
vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny 
grew hideously twisted 
it never rises to its clever what-if concept . 
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding . 
powerful and provocative 
a splendid job 
entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive 
, food-for-thought cinema 
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . 
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness . 
gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls . 
argentinean ` dramedy ' 
is magnificent 
some blondes , ( diggs ) should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 
belongs on the big screen 
cultivation and 
hard-hitting documentary . 
as a cult film 
bad movies 
humor and heart and very talented young actors 
of pointless mayhem 
well-made but mush-hearted . 
sentimentalizing it 
sub-sophomoric 
need a playful respite 
, consistently funny . 
at blockbuster 
self-absorbed 
it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time . 
offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single . 
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please 
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... 
that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length . 
that deserves recommendation 
too much of storytelling 
flawed but engrossing 
long and eventful 
lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter 
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal 
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious 
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . 
video games are more involving than this mess . 
inspiring tale 
laughable dialogue 
creative action 
broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car 
's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed 
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and 
otherwise dull subjects 
hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 
that just does n't have big screen magic 
eloquence 
nifty 
the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau . 
may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking 
really good premise 
seem genuine rather than pandering 
the lazy material 
a better film 
an exhilarating experience . 
irritating display 
owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama 
interesting matters 
is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion 
sharp writing 
sugar '' admirably 
this emotional car-wreck 
sour , bloody and mean 
every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do 
a talk that appeals to me 
engaging manner and flamboyant style 
armed with a game supporting cast 
a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer 
earnest as a community-college advertisement 
feel fully 
great scares 
the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery 
bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points 
ambiguities that make it well worth watching 
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go 
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness 
violent , vulgar and forgettably 
, funny and touching 
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence 
a film that plays things so nice 
the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations 
is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness . 
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but 
beautiful to watch and 
here a more annoying , though less angry 
succumbing to its own bathos 
allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being . 
is loopy and ludicrous ... 
iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin 
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video . 
a tawdry b-movie scum 
a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade 
and likeable characters 
delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households 
serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable 
wedding sequence 
of the greatest films 
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , 
affable if not timeless 
does n't quite know how to fill a frame 
, frida gets the job done . 
the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- 
a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new 
it feels much longer 
of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme 
is as adult as you can get 
with a serious minded patience , respect and affection 
he refuses to evaluate his own work 
least favorite 
lacking the slightest bit 
unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling . 
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny 
the surprise ending is revealed 
come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell . 
can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns 
moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . 
has kind of an authentic feel 
that were once amusing 
seem smart and well-crafted in comparison 
its broad racial insensitivity 
has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes . 
yielded such a flat , plodding picture 
the film operates nicely off the element of surprise 
a memorable directorial debut 
takes to describe how bad it is 
debuts by an esteemed writer-actor 
winning , heartwarming yarn 
an articulate , grown-up voice 
not smart 
shoot themselves 
the answer is as conventional as can be 
silly , outrageous , ingenious 
on cable 
is left slightly unfulfilled 
stands out from the pack 
sickeningly savage 
crapulence 
wo n't care 
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one 
a penetrating , potent exploration 
artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson 
the very top rank 
this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises . 
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise 
unwavering and arresting 
is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie 
too long 
of ( witherspoon 's ) better films 
clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style 
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , 
the fine star performances 
unsentimental 
pedestrian , flat drama 
most at women 's expense 
probably will enjoy themselves . 
as the movie traces mr. brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times . 
the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low 
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and 
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 
only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes 
sharp as the original 
once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film 
far-fetched 
comic relief 
plot holes 
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense . 
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie . 
is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout 
, the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . 
can be a knockout 
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , 
slapping its target audience 
with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy 
wo n't see the next six 
original and highly cerebral examination 
smartly and 
... an interesting slice of history . 
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here . 
strong and confident work 
are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before . 
it has some problems 
the quiet american is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar . 
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , 
forgettable 
most colorful and controversial artists 
that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then 
if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox 
, a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . 
the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time 
everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film . 
too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction 
belongs to nicholson 
his sentimental journey of the heart 
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , 
helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter 
it a failure as straight drama 
very well shot or 
of a self-destructive man 
make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 
images you wish you had n't seen 
a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity 
spiderman rocks 
many inimitable scenes 
understands how to create and sustain a mood 
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history . 
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say 
carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . '' 
a so-called ` comedy ' 
above superficiality 
: the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 
cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film . 
marvelous 
hugely imaginative and successful casting 
overcome blah characters 
a satisfying well-made romantic comedy 
the lively intelligence of the artists and 
not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy 
as nudity , profanity and violence 
tendentious 
has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it 
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects . 
visceral and 
averting an american-russian armageddon 
grow increasingly disturbed 
overwhelming waste 
the places , and the people , 
you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school 
a low-budget hybrid of scarface or 
seems to really care 
's neither original nor terribly funny 
a casual intelligence that permeates the script 
great party 
you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves 
the incredibly flexible cast 
its initial excitement 
looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man 
so hilarious 
suited neither to kids or adults 
accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel 
lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse 
if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout 
that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out 
to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original 
of family , forgiveness and love 
( leigh ) has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable . 
struggle furiously 
toilet humor , 
a cinematic car wreck , 
all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king 
's so poorly 
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals . 
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing . 
into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes 
that was n't all that great to begin with 
forget 
thoughtful and rewarding 
does n't reveal even a hint of artifice 
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet 
fails at both endeavors 
this movie loves women at all 
advancing 
schütte 's dramatic snapshot 
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but 
` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary . 
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever . 
like movies that demand four hankies 
howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective . 
glamour 
, despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 
remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . 
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . 
remain an unchanged dullard 
's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue 
to like any of these despicable characters 
insistent and repetitive 
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and 
more confused , less interesting 
safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter 
resonant 
humor , warmth , and 
so unsympathetic 
the dreams of youth 
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : 
any of the signposts 
succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system 
the exotic world 
most of the distance 
that might be best forgotten 
she 's a pretty woman 
in the broiling sun for a good three days 
the one-liners are snappy 
by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm 
a conventional but heartwarming tale . 
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) 
's nothing wrong with that 
one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one 
strong and unforced supporting cast 
some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences 
gut-wrenching examination 
his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place 
a fireworks 
can sound so dull 
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor 
more coming-of-age stories 
, but with restraint 
no surprises . 
assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties 
are what makes it worth the trip to the theater . 
begins with promise , but runs 
bring to imax 
with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived 
captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes . 
paint-by-numbers 
weighted down 
a brainless flibbertigibbet 
catches dramatic fire 
call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message . 
rooting for the film 
`` extreme ops '' exceeds expectations . 
is impressive 
insufferably naive 
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 
airy cinematic bon bons 
of adolescent sturm und drang 
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy 
most good-hearted yet sensual 
recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt 
obscure the message 
-- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- 
only masochistic moviegoers 
flat run 
as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy . 
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . 
a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern 
authentic account of a historical event 
that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit 
is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement 
`` a '' range 
a stirring road movie . 
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but 
annoyance 
unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity 
weird 
creepy crawlies 
, leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects . 
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . 
consigned to the dustbin of history 
a small movie with a big heart . 
as a castrated 
a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it 
airless cinematic shell games . 
dramatically forceful 
come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace 
in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy 
wannabe-hip 
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it 
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms 
skewed to ever get a hold on 
the central flaw of the film 
do a load of good 
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining ! 
that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory 
as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets 
have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . 
pathetic , endearing 
ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless . 
you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins 
grows thin 
could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking . 
it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part 
wit and dignity 
among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism 
listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again 
the world 's political situation 
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . 
a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience 
his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline 
becomes lifeless and 
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but 
a core 
crafted a deceptively casual ode 
, twisty yarn 
for people who like their romances to have that french realism 
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- 
is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear . 
a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions 
who unfortunately works with a two star script 
hastily written 
all in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 
nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor 
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway 
a documentary to disregard available bias 
that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly 
melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project 
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 
more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline 
this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired . 
of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall 
the aaa of action 
so second-rate 
something original 
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni 
a breadth of vision 
life-affirming 
's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again 
won my heart 
to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 
seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 
when you 're a struggling nobody 
bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . 
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things . 
of telling a fascinating character 's story 
any less entertaining 
glides gracefully from male persona to female 
of masterpiece 
wonderfully sprawling soap opera 
dull . 
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished . 
worth checking out at theaters 
munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters . 
well acted by diane lane and richard gere . 
a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch 
a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight 
, girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . 
given audiences 
beloved genres 
infidelity and 
it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . 
romp that 's always fun to watch 
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff 
bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate 
that could have been much better 
a deficit 
with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds 
forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today 
in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers 
deeply biased 
fights the good fight in vietnam 
has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency . 
is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend 
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering . 
take as long as you 've paid a matinee price 
play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking 
it offers large rewards 
candy and cheeky 
with lots of laughs 
to seek and strike just the right tone 
is a winner 
indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant 
go down with a ship as leaky 
love and humility 
just how bad 
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , 
victor rosa is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance . 
tear your eyes 
is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance . 
's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument , 
with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in . 
a one-of-a-kind work 
delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids 
of ` eh 
the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 
as any other arnie musclefest 
a convincing brogue 
's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet 
going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous 
dead ( water ) weight 
describe exactly how bad it is 
that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 
's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again . 
narratively complex 
inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc 
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film . 
's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy 
ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff 
this beautifully animated epic is never dull . 
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic . 
are all direct-to-video stuff 
is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals 
forget its absurdity . 
to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale 
the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character . 
`` cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! '' 
's horribly wrong 
into clichés 
it has its faults , but 
are more silly than scary 
, poignancy , and intelligence 
that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness 
film school brat 
turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy 
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette 
however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 
does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself 
this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole 
is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 
the man 
see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings 
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones . 
an elegant visual sense and a talent 
uses grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos 
has much to recommend it 
has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 
is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness 
is somehow making its way instead to theaters . 
another visit 
filmed directly 
nicest 
as comfort food often can 
is a cinematic misdemeanor 
of elaborate and twisted characters 
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists . 
ideological 
guessing plot and an affectionate 
walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . 
is like nothing we westerners have seen before . 
ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . 
uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters 
infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . 
one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 
i 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back . 
, it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . 
is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , despite a few whopping shootouts . 
a good natured warning 
it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective 
for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg 
, eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 
material this rich 
that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 
welcome in her most charmless 
as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances 
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . 
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches 
moving and stark reminder 
good measure 
aloof 
the movie looks genuinely pretty . 
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic 
a couple of great actors hamming it up 
headline-fresh thriller 
left slightly disappointed 
a story worth caring about 
self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue 
kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . 
their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger 
having fun with it all 
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . 
is high on squaddie banter , 
boxes these women 's souls right open for us . 
is marveilleux 
mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant 
sweetness 
to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general 
several scenes of this tacky nonsense 
that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 
about death 
a marvelous performance 
( cattaneo ) sophomore slump 
twenty-first 
bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction 
the salton sea works the way a good noir should 
bone-chilling 
unique 
heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long 
is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it 
ready-made midnight movie 
a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter 
ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin . 
find it uninteresting 
keep this fresh . 
walk out of the good girl 
weak claims 
... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games . 
is one baaaaaaaaad movie 
it can do even more damage 
coupled with pitch-perfect acting 
did n't talk down to them 
the ethereal beauty 
most poorly staged and lit 
is somewhat entertaining 
flat acting 
are sweet and believable 
the overuse of special effects 
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough 
a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect . 
, and to her inventive director 
will be occupied for 72 minutes . 
loud , witless mess 
unfortunately 
of a really solid woody allen film 
again and quite cheered at just that 
necessary and timely one 
that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over 
darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats . 
comes off as self-parody . 
scream 
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters 
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards 
without lectures or confrontations 
a bit of a phony relationship 
new age 
a lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone 
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team 
as bad at a fraction the budget 
rare 
is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 
milked 
add up to more than body count 
it 's plotless , shapeless -- and 
of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at 
is too bad 
by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades 
's funniest and most likeable movie in years 
the devastation 
fascinating case study 
represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe 
off more than he or anyone else could chew 
held my interest precisely because it did n't try to 
's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images 
i 'll buy the criterion dvd . 
travesty 
resonance 
save their children 
hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles 
make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 
why it works 
kinda wrong 
in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood 
saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 
a weird little movie 
has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side . 
sleek 
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices 
what 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ? 
mental illness 
extravagant confidence 
's not scary , not smart and not engaging 
with little logic or continuity 
great scares and 
this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 
( unintentionally ) funniest moments 
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it . 
the best inside-show-biz 
definite room for improvement 
to be the cat 's meow 
a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing 
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies . 
have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking 
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection . 
rejected must have been astronomically bad 
... pray does n't have a passion for the material . 
fires on all plasma conduits 
have to see this ! 
with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie 
exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise 
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope . 
the movie is about as deep as that sentiment . 
tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony 
is too impressed with its own solemn insights 
retard 101 
those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking . 
grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration . 
lousy direction 
shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film 
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance . 
satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action 
the writing is insipid 
's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself . 
makes as much of a mess as this one 
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find . 
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- 
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life . 
shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers 
entertaining and suggestive 
pleasant enough 
this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth 
trash 
conceited 
neat 
and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful 
cannibal lust above the ordinary 
action - mechanical . 
the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt 
spaces 
are canny and spiced with irony 
the sleekness 
might not give a second look if we passed them on the street 
child acting 
, hypocritical 
is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . 
`` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years 
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy . 
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable . 
to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state 
's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns . 
unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear 
is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . 
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design 
is a very funny , heartwarming film . 
'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police 
trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? ' 
that it appears not to have been edited at all 
, red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . 
knockaround 
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story . 
it is derivative 
funny humor 
punishable by chainsaw 
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt 
-- and timely -- 
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you 
likes 
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i 
the adjective ` gentle ' applies 
anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year 
because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . ' 
watchable 
the fans are often funny fanatics 
it 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen . 
ingenious and 
the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza 
its ludicrous and contrived plot 
replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks 
the plan to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong . 
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , 
awe and affection -- and 
hold dear about cinema , 
regardless of race 
a moral 
boredom never takes hold . 
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down . 
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish . 
from the dullest science fiction 
is generally quite funny . 
on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis 
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end . 
than bad 
are spectacular 
gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements 
long for the end credits 
to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options 
enormous packages 
pissed off 
of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character 
elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly 
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and 
nicole holofcener 's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style . 
introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 
was inspired 
see it 
of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole 
get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins 
offers escapism 
it throws you for a loop . 
singularly off-putting romantic comedy . 
... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film . 
be delightfully compatible 
a more down-home flavor 
have a bad , bad , bad movie 
such a clever adaptation 
a fish that 's lived too long 
loneliness 
what it lacks in outright newness 
a love story and 
this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing 
and lesbian children 
, the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability . 
a prostitute 
presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves 
perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness . 
the punch lines 
the dead horse 
had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies 
referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal 
not a hollywood product 
absurdities and 
robotically italicized 
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and 
environmental pollution 
bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee 
the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis . 
so bland and 
also nice 
who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship 
... spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) 
is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . 
childhood imagination 
for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty 
outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve 
its director 's cut glory 
a successful example 
would know what to make of this italian freakshow . 
than bland 
funniest film 
this disappointed by a movie in a long time 
intimate feeling 
thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending 
sexy beast 
terrific job 
like ravel 's bolero 
critics be damned . 
in `` unfaithful 
some unnecessary parts 
dominate a family 
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 
out there ! 
static 
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and 
be oblivious to the existence of this film 
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : 
emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine 
guessing plot and 
slow , predictable and not very amusing 
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness 
most wondrous love story 
a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout 
of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 
duvall 's throbbing sincerity and 
the film never feels draggy 
he has a great cast and a great idea . 
sewer rats 
an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters 
still manages to string together enough charming moments to work . 
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions . 
is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . 
, vaguely silly overkill 
decide what annoyed me most about god is great 
to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance 
has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director 
heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible 
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz . 
sink it faster than a leaky freighter 
first full flush 
truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne 
... also one of the most curiously depressing 
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much 
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . 
you 're a jet all the way 
easy to like 
sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy 
punchier 
is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure ! 
leaping from one arresting image to another 
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , 
an entertainment 
, for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life 
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . 
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least 
cultural differences 
... the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . 
a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric 
grand 
the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes 
long and eventful spiritual journey 
an uncomfortable experience 
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya . 
the proper conviction 
wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love 
way too full of itself 
effectively chilling 
a groundbreaking endeavor 
wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson 
inquisitive film 
grasping actors ' workshop that it is 
barbarism 
somber , absurd , 
struggles 
an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , 
that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither 
is grand-scale 
labored writing and slack direction 
visual splendor that can be seen in other films 
if you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . 
too slow 
paints an absurdly simplistic picture 
for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it 
can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold 
seems like someone going through the motions . 
old-fashioned in all the best possible ways 
may lack the pungent bite of its title , 
the fun of toy story 2 
, tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage 
suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion 
... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . 
off spookily enough 
ideas and awkwardness 
echo of allusions 
inspiring and pure joy 
wastes 
these days are about nothing 
flawed but 
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world 
and just plain dumb 
nelson 's intentions are good 
how far herzog has fallen 
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it . 
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic 
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people 
were convinced to waste their time 
delightful 
art and commerce 
the perfect festival film 
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are . 
give a second look 
the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies 
did i miss something 
in all its strange quirks 
works better the less the brain is engaged 
the writing is indifferent , and 
in getting under the skin of her characters 
the film is not only a love song to the movies but 
state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 
unpleasant excuse 
that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body 
the entire point of a shaggy dog story 
fun one 
for something new 
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , 
sign 
hard-won 
too-long , spoofy update 
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 
will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works 
bodacious 
daytime 
strung-together moments 
harsh objectivity and refusal 
pure disney 
paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script 
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire . 
is often preachy 
valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in 
gentle film 
, you can do no wrong with jason x. 
does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting . 
too many conflicts 
where santa gives gifts to grownups 
considerable wit 
are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents 
at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion . 
should catch this imax offering 
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting 
a great movie it is not 
the insanity 
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit 
crushed 
is n't just offensive 
pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet 
too clever by about nine-tenths . 
emotional seesawing 
may fall fast asleep . 
as funny nor 
comfortable 
pure craft and passionate heart 
a striking new significance for anyone 
is spectacular 
esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard 
the animation and game phenomenon 
squarely fills the screen . 
it 's mostly a pleasure to watch . 
, mayhem and stupidity 
do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile 
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt . 
geriatric dirty harry 
is entirely too straight-faced 
boring 
is wise 
, it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . 
a full-frontal attack on audience patience 
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie 
some of the computer animation is handsome 
of the ya-ya sisterhood 
lan yu never catches dramatic fire . 
to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise 
the level of an after-school tv special 
's all quite tasteful to look at 
is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus 
moment 
a grating endurance test 
helmer 
intimate and universal cinema 
, relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . 
inside the mess that is world traveler 
have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant 
less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) . 
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet 
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . 
wishy-washy 
is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 
like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it 
fully formed 
the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . 
mysterious 
astonishingly pivotal 
also intriguing and honorable , 
can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down . 
somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . 
is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same 
the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was 
cliches and 
does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but 
is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema . 
is one big , dumb action movie . 
inadequately 
where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone 
in his u.s. debut , mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . 
cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end 
repetitively 
the result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel . 
is why anthony hopkins is in it . 
different , unusual , even nutty 
numb experience of watching o fantasma 
, natural acting 
lucratively 
's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness 
for this story to go but down 
one never overwhelms the other 
with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller 
she 's pretty and she can act 
the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise 
puportedly `` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face . 
, verve and fun 
a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways 
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but 
bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams . 
broken 
consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny 
punches 
rote work and predictable 
it can easily worm its way into your heart . ' 
your seat , tense with suspense 
pure venality 
an open wound 
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - 
effecting change and inspiring hope 
fluid and mesmerizing sequence 
has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group . 
here of a director enjoying himself immensely 
wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time . 
sweet , melancholy spell 
if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 
is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex 
gone wrong 
is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 
is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice 
spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . 
positively thrilling combination 
evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while . 
the all-too-familiar dramatic arc 
watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 
recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting 
, it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . 
consistently funny . 
timeless and universal tale 
the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 
frustrates 
gentle and biting 
the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made 
seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business 
indoctrinated prejudice 
it 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . 
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness . 
of a typical american horror film 
do n't see the point 
casts its spooky net 
victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and 
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still 
by amateurish 
the best animated 
weirdly beautiful 
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view 
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece 
by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 
of dramatic interest 
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and 
these women 's souls right open 
of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart 
laughed throughout the movie 
its performances 
is less about a superficial midlife crisis 
will just as likely make you weep 
it 's also not very good . 
better after foster 
humorously 
to be passionate and truthful 
as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 
on , well , love in the time of money 
a more colorful , more playful tone 
dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma 
riveting documentary . 
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references . 
a head-turner -- thoughtfully written 
when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic . 
a stunning new young talent in one 
before i see this piece of crap again 
is sadly heightened by current world events 
in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 
the most practiced curmudgeon 
first film something of a sleeper success 
it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this . 
they just do n't work in concert . 
admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet 
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . 
is more than a movie 
is , quite pointedly , 
lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode 
fun or 
hooting it 's praises 
far more demanding than it needs to be 
is a disarmingly lived-in movie 
aimless , arduous 
graceless and ugly 
gets drawn into the party . 
form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people 
no amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glory days 
like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish 
as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 
the film 's crisp , unaffected style 
is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving 
into elaborate choreography 
with purpose and finesse 
, banter-filled comedy 
very real and amusing 
touching love story 
are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams 
old porridge 
guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 
is that it stinks 
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day . 
its cheesy screenplay 
dumb high school comedy 
minor film 
dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot 
remains brightly optimistic , 
first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course . 
interesting movie 
acted , quietly affecting cop drama . 
been astronomically bad 
the unmistakable stamp of authority 
's a fun one . 
charming but slight 
contains very few laughs and even less surprises . 
graphic treatment 
radiant character portrait 
to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much . 
manipulation , 
strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder . 
infuriating 
fascinating and playful 
that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma 
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate . 
the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone 
no obvious escape 
whom the 
a worldly-wise and very funny script 
gangster no. 1 drips 
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , 
i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned . 
adding the rich details 
cold fish 
too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe 
the film works as well as it does because of the performances . 
dry and 
that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form 
a hollywood film 
likeable characters 
silly stuff 
of lazy humor 
that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 
the very best 
genuine acting 
a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way 
camera movements 
well-meant but 
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy . 
set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 
are undeniably touched . 
clever ideas and visual gags 
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars 
of the film 's problems 
, but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining . 
hardest 
interesting and at times 
is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan . 
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 
not that any of us 
pitch-perfect 
good little movie 
pallid horror 
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast . 
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , 
the illusion of work is than actual work 
out of character and logically porous action set 
its good qualities are obscured 
sharp objects 
rock 's stand-up magic wanes . 
the performances are amiable and committed , and 
but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told . 
spiced 
as grant 's two best films 
the worst kind of mythologizing , 
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider 's performance is so fine 
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy 
phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism 
jagged camera moves 
fall dreadfully short 
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters 
rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting 
be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes 
much colorful eye candy 
who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing 
denying 
complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days 
extraordinary intelligence and originality 
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies . 
too obviously 
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work . 
a grittily beautiful film that looks , 
the numerous scenes 
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york 
but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself 
the chatter of parrots raised on oprah 
around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life 
any 
insufficiently 
, provocative and vainglorious 
into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness 
not only satisfied 
ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah 
carefully choreographed 
this toothless dog , already on cable , 
a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 
everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill 
of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 
is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . 
time bombs 
is particularly impressive . 
cliché-laden screenplay 
the bread , 
to the genre and another first-rate performance 
is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times . 
the gifted korean american stand-up 
nor terribly funny 
the cliché-riddled genre 
quirky and fearless 
good guy 
badly edited 
in a light-hearted way the romantic problems 
well-made pb & j sandwich 
10,000 
someone made off with your wallet 
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line 
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . 
disturb 
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message . 
canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous 
love story 
be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture 
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action 
visually graceful 
in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way 
a cast of a-list brit actors 
one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . 
cinematic tone poem 
indoor drama 
stirs us 
, deeply absorbing piece 
of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 
a breath 
failing , ultimately 
of cute animals and clumsy people 
that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo 
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant . 
over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense 
, one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else . 
finely cut diamond 
a thriller without a lot of thrills . 
at heart is a sweet little girl 
but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care . 
you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down 
united states 
you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles 
having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey . 
could hardly 
it 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . 
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial 
terrific 10th-grade learning tool 
it 's a very sincere work 
the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair 
` punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . ' 
is a great yarn 
spellbinding fun and 
to hit all of its marks 
show-stoppingly 
is better than ` shindler 's list ' 
you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest 
politically audacious 
luminous interviews 
with an enormous amount of affection 
heart-string plucking 
drown yourself in a lake afterwards 
kid-empowerment 
a movie that keeps throwing fastballs 
the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness 
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black . 
the cleverness , 
can get on television for free 
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder . 
endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else 
by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 
bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . 
a humorless 
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre 
is small in scope , yet perfectly formed 
has been 
her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost . 
a remarkable piece 
's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be . 
a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind 
one mediocre movie 
takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about 
, find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through . 
should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting . 
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes 
manage to be spectacularly outrageous . 
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america 
then you 're in for a painful ride . 
until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations 
roiling 
the problem with movies about angels 
buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary 
annoying , is n't it 
puts an exclamation point 
without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place 
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers . 
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references 
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and 
kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 
remote , emotionally distant piece 
embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it 
by far the worst movie of the year 
grayish 
this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant 
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem . 
neither romantic nor comedic 
's a lot richer than the ones 
so true and heartbreaking 
morbid 
a rather brilliant little cult item 
pleasant 
cold , pretentious , 
benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . 
flawless film , ( wang ) 
enjoyable 100 minutes 
strands his superb performers in the same old story 
is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay 
suffocating 
you have no affinity for most of the characters . 
another night 
we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls 
the acting is just fine , 
that really does n't have much to say beyond the news 
full-bodied performance 
storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . 
has its moments 
without any of its satirical 
like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate 
at least one damn fine horror movie 
refreshingly unhibited 
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising . 
an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music 
like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , 
after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . 
self-inflicted retaliation 
has n't aged a day 
shot on digital videotape rather than film 
mr. polanski is in his element here : 
the film shatters you in waves . 
... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters 
, french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition 
keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats 
sheer joy and pride 
have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own . 
very distinctive 
an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals 
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi . 
recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 
is about to turn onto a different path 
are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 
rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . 
a charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface . 
boring talking heads , etc . 
imbued with passion and attitude . 
even the hastily and amateurishly 
address his own world war ii experience in his signature style 
a decomposition 
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . 
timeless and unique 
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . 
most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies 
just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 
flounders under the weight of too many story lines 
jolts the laughs from the audience 
marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances . 
overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective 
much of it is funny 
is a winner . 
is n't going to jell 
, violent and mindless 
bland animated sequel 
arty and 
aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice 
nicely 
bluster and cliché 
off-beat 
an ounce of honest poetry 
futuristic sets 
it is n't scary . 
with a hard-to-swallow premise 
the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal 
to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 
contributions 
, really , really good things can come in enormous packages 
if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 
a rehash 
simply stupid , 
a straight-ahead thriller that 
that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him 
all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut 
low-brow 
deeply unpleasant 
revelled in the entertaining shallows 
the story has some nice twists but the ending and 
will find millions of eager fans 
sporadic dips 
is very difficult to care about the character 
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny . 
of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either 
do n't care about being stupid 
terrorists are more evil than ever ! 
winning flight of revisionist fancy 
that extra little something 
proves that even in sorrow you can find humor 
hastily and amateurishly 
i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . 
gets under your skin and , some plot blips 
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture . 
` ron seal the deal 
it 's all surface psychodramatics . 
in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to 
created such a vibrant , colorful world 
right choices 
least 
about their lives , loves and the art 
invigorating 
best and most 
the production is suitably elegant 
take on a great writer and dubious human being 
'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time . 
can be accused of being a bit undisciplined 
like a can of 2-day old coke . 
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , 
rolling over 
argentine retread 
, this is even better than the fellowship . 
damning and damned compelling . 
remotely new or interesting 
dumb fart jokes 
held hostage 
a pleasing way with a metaphor 
bawdy 
is a good and ambitious film 
footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire 
saddled 
and good intentions 
... had this much imagination and nerve 
has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side 
piecing the story together frustrating difficult 
sexy razzle-dazzle 
there are lulls 
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating 
will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one 
worry 
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards . 
that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy 
inspiration 
able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn 
, uneven action comedy 
lucy liu never comes together 
as we 
it ai n't art , by a long shot 
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ? 
think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 
it 's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film . 
-- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein 's brain . 
while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 
energy and wit 
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito 's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . 
paranoid 
as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen . 
holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm 
absurdist spider web . 
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings 
traffics in tired stereotypes 
sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often 
in this remarkable and memorable film 
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , 
first-rate performance 
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny 
has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . 
is as delightful as it is derivative 
interesting slice 
wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 
that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination 
in its laid-back way 
is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many . 
must have been lost in the translation . 
thoughtful 
a negligible work 
be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still 
conjure proper respect 
'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie 
resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs 
found the perfect material 
their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 
a backstage must-see for true fans 
a likable story 
ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior 
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex 
ravishing 
that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well 
shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action . 
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and 
provocative and 
of deep feeling 
screeching-metal 
make a gorgeous pair ... 
there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all . 
a sick and evil woman 
if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about . 
while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . 
seem tiresomely simpleminded 
leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects 
enjoyable big movie 
your first instinct 
to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum 
to south seas islanders 
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time 
adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism . 
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves 
there 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish . 
quickie tv special 
, not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , 
lacked any 
kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . 
the reefs 
is too upbeat 
of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups 
the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned 
's the inimitable diaz 
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 
plodding 
both the beauty of the land and the people 
score 
, you 're far better served by the source material . 
acute writing and a host of splendid performances 
it 's also pretty funny 
heartfelt comedy 
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work 
falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film 
is one of the greatest date movies in years . 
this is a movie full of grace 
that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 
the unusual power 
attraction and interdependence 
pander to our basest desires 
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 . 
has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . 
good deal funnier 
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while 
of the movie 's charm 
is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else 
its invitingly upbeat overture to 
woe-is-me 
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew . 
that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 
gorgeous and finely detailed 
... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year . 
giving it a strong thumbs up 
awkward interplay and utter lack 
a vivid imagination and 
alternating with lots of sloppiness 
a modicum of patience 
... a confusing drudgery . 
plenty of baggage 
as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design 
jaw-droppingly beautiful work 
, it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste 
if you 're willing to have fun with it 
of flat champagne 
remarkably assured 
moving documentary 
look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor 
for the playlist 
could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking 
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny 
grace this deeply touching melodrama 
that puts another notch 
, there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . 
ambitious ` what if 
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting 
its script and execution 
of being the big 
melodrama and tiresome love triangles 
bottom 
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead 
disingenuous , 
damned funny 
on an irresistible , languid romanticism 
warmed up to him 
ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . 
their parents 
the routine day to day 
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth . 
fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original 
by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 
her considerable talents 
fuse at least three dull plots 
is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos 
permits laughter 
which awards animals the respect they 
an awkwardly garish showcase 
of this slick and sprightly cgi feature 
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 
is an interesting movie ! 
nobody here bothered to check it twice . 
in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget 
to describe exactly how bad it is 
an achingly enthralling premise , the film 
little catch 
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait 
efficient , 
a superfluous sequel ... 
hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting 
exactly endearing 
much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice 
about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy 
've seen some bad singer-turned actors 
wasted in it 
every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 
wasted 
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh . 
screwed-up characters 
enough said , except : film overboard ! 
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , 
is more than a movie . 
all comedy 
escape story 
is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines . 
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but 
little narrative momentum 
truly egregious 
is really , really stupid 
smart and dark - 
both charming 
music and life 
an intriguing and alluring premise 
lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter . 
demons 
inventiveness 
an intimacy 
be mildly amusing 
sometimes just lapses into unhidden british 
all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations 
it 's very much like life itself . 
folks , it does n't work . 
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey . 
's kind of insulting , both to men and women 
nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight 
intrigue and human-scale characters 
i do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold . 
funny , even punny 6 
a better lot 
what does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ? 
best 60 minutes 
the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen 
to the nonconformist in us all 
perverse 
in all , a great party 
their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people 
it 's not a great monster movie . 
the cinematic equivalent of high humidity 
, heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear 
, the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy . 
extremely languorous rhythms 
a slapdash mess 
a modern motion picture 
mostly fool 's gold 
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score 
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- 
be killed 
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid 
real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires 
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy . 
of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 
gap 
that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions 
sluggish , tonally uneven 
the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks . 
bias 
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry ! 
amounts of beautiful movement and inside information 
their largest-ever historical canvas 
a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year 
prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself 
the devastation of this disease 
is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump 
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special . 
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad . 
a good alternative 
wonderful film to bring to imax 
ends so horrendously confusing 
of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film 
, so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ? 
quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 
mattel 
keep you watching , 
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama . 
so original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up . 
thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except 
you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty 
resident evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail . 
suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable 
a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension 
absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer 
an avid interest 
brisk delight 
set up 
a brilliant piece 
considered a funny little film 
image-mongering 
it comes off as annoying rather than charming 
redolent of a thousand cliches 
own quirky hipness 
with plenty of entertainment value 
sulky teen drama and 
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject 
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina . 
the irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb 
speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand 
that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 
is in his element here 
as an evil , monstrous lunatic 
as a real movie 
swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in ( the characters ' ) misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it . 
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative . 
assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over 
little less bling-bling and a lot more romance 
engage 
abandoned their slim hopes and dreams 
all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen 
visually engrossing 
on both sides it falls short 
the illogic of its characters 
it is instructive 
appealing couple 
unemployment 
makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should 
you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set 
as mushy as peas 
poor editing , bad bluescreen , 
about schmidt is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear . 
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement european pickup . 
enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins 
most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment 
that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why 
cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron 
hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone 
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity 
are so unmemorable 
sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 
heartache everyone 
full flush 
, funny , even punny 6 
does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes . 
never lacks in eye-popping visuals 
the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script . 
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . 
is , we have no idea what in creation is going on . 
of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot 
in denial about 
not once does it come close to being exciting . 
definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . ' 
is wry and engrossing . 
the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed 
does deliver a few gut-busting laughs 
acute writing 
a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film 
he 's done 
the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this 
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch 
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , 
's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese 
one of the most interesting writer/directors working today 
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit . 
lacks the inspiration of the original and 
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , 
strikes a potent chemistry 
its superstar 
frustrating misfire 
is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable 
is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself 
visuals and enveloping sounds 
historically significant , and 
to cram earplugs 
be better to wait for the video 
lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve 
clever credits roll 
heartfelt and hilarious 
offering next to little insight 
a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 
) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code 
early laughs 
lame musketeer 
funniest motion 
can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . 
there , done that ... a thousand times already 
has less spice than a rat burger 
often imaginative 
in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth 
essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty . 
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia . 
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 
like a non-stop cry for attention 
of the most splendid 
very , very good reasons 
the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise 
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet 
as a comedy 
charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle 
plodding , peevish and gimmicky . 
good music 
deadly dull 
a legend 
most savagely hilarious social critics 
little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) 
that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 
honesty 
left in the broiling sun for a good three days 
cheesy fun factor 
has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy 
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . 
manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it 
is painterly . 
mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance 
once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . 
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings . 
's best served cold 
squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 
authentically 
doofus 
being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something 
poetry 
there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue 
realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 
's an entertaining and informative documentary 
, the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 
in a sense , that 's a liability . 
, is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . 
handbag-clutching 
no foundation 
's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin . 
're desperate for the evening to end 
( i ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop is n't as funny as it should be 
despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 
confusing 
woo 
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point 
eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful 
thematically complex 
greengrass 
engages 
the genuinely funny jokes 
liked the movie 
a fair bit of vampire fun 
gentle , touching 
that may make you hate yourself for giving in 
a stiff 
carmichael 
in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting 
77 minutes of pokemon 
a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment . 
completely delightful 
wow 
in thick clouds of denial 
pure craft and 
of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life 
the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 
dullest irish pub scenes 
is not a bad movie , just mediocre . 
is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction . 
simpler , leaner 
better entertainment 
hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter 
engrossing film 
been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode 
wildly popular 
contrived situations 
is consistently amusing and engrossing ... 
of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 
with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long 
is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was 
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture . 
utter loss 
important political documentary 
must have failed 
it 's tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too 
's a rather listless amble down 
of crudup 's anchoring performance 
fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less 
love it ... 
` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style . 
we have come to love 
is n't as sharp as the original ... despite some visual virtues , ` blade ii ' just does n't cut it . 
more grueling and 
, artificial and opaque 
sweet , charming 
the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context 
, sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium 
you will likely prefer to keep on watching . 
, you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party . 
stand in future years as an eloquent memorial 
like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it 
to engross even the most antsy youngsters 
a sun-drenched masterpiece 
fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships 
having two guys yelling in your face for two hours 
scruffy , dopey old 
thumbs up to paxton 
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... 
show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers 
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on the screen 
real dawns , comic relief 
of dead bodies 
italian pinocchio 
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style 
artistry 
the intricate preciseness 
colorful world 
whatever fills time -- 
whatever 
pretty well 
every scrap is of the darkest variety 
you still have to see this ! 
hold up pretty well 
of the worst films of 2002 
of pure misogynist evil 
elegant technology for the masses 
pair that with really poor comedic writing 
more revealing , more emotional 
legendary actor michel serrault 
a familiar road with a few twists 
the computer and 
a truly , truly bad movie 
how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery . 
unfulfilled 
quite the genre-busting film 
a popcorn film , not a must-own , 
she had to sit through it again 
for nearly three hours 
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ... 
starts with a legend 
performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks 
very touching 
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits 
a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours 
to be genuinely satisfying 
executed it takes your breath away 
zero . 
will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes 
a dull moment 
sweeping , dramatic , 
wasting 
with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns 
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and 
`` brown sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . 
a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age 
only in making me groggy 
waste their time on it 
fast-moving and 
ability to think 
precarious 
good vampire tale 
a devastating comic impersonation 
can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art . 
of strung-together moments 
it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 
often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films . 
are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 
might have guessed 
astonishingly 
was better 
should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! '' 
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite 
pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances 
a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life 
to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies 
the cast is spot on and 
to the energetic and always surprising performance 
the screen -- loud , violent and mindless 
subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other 
it turns out to be affected and boring 
humanly funny film 
a wonderfully speculative character 
seems twice as long as its 83 minutes 
's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins 
before the plot kicks into gear 
, but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid 
are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros 
is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive 
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 
that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 
know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document 
undemanding armchair tourists 
spectacularly 
a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , 
a lovely , eerie film 
not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 
but it was n't . 
hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one 
that actually manages to bring something new into the mix 
period trappings 
dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum 
and unrelentingly exploitative 
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat 
rather simplistic 
foremost cinematic poet 
girl-meets-girl romantic comedy 
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but 
catastrophic collision 
really bad 
pale , dark beauty 
shine 
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre . 
its three-hour running time plays closer to two . 
part biography , part entertainment and 
might actually want to watch 
becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't . 
is a film in which the talent is undeniable 
sloppy , made-for-movie 
technically sumptuous 
turns that 
have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma 
an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema 
wholesome and subversive 
which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill 
stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal 
's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking 
it begins to fade from memory 
about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics 
a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches 
goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises 
the evening to end 
remarkable procession 
a predictably efficient piece 
too campy to work as straight drama 
are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine 
( there 's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin . 
its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity 
is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought 
compatible 
a true-blue delight . 
good 
a stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch . 
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse 
romantic and serenely 
sassy 
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls . 
shallow styles 
the lousy tarantino imitations 
his martial artistry 
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit . 
with a bouncy score 
are often engaging 
oddly fascinating depiction 
youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point 
i have given it a one-star rating 
is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out 
weary 
far less endearing 
like the best of godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 
, it 's just as wonderful on the big screen . 
so good 
is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 
worthy substitute 
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood 
windshield 
unexplainable 
it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face . 
was just a matter of ` eh . ' 
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel . 
you laugh 
a solid , 
a well-made pb & j sandwich 
complain 
better 
variable 
caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 
us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose 
the director 's many dodges and turns 
... ( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . 
is workmanlike in the extreme 
plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air . 
it 's also disappointing to a certain degree . 
have you talking 'til the end of the year 
to the enduring strengths of women 
is a convincing one , and 
fizzle 
the nourishing aspects of love and companionship 
our best achievements and other times 
mr. chabrol 's subtlest works 
keep upping the ante on each other , 
valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone 
excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 
sand 's masculine persona 
any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country 
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry . 
does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez 
be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad 
like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . 
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion . 
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera 
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant . 
showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and 
the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work . 
remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing 
nice evening out 
is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects . 
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , 
, funny humor 
love it , 
headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender 
a good job 
( sports ) admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency . 
keep - 'em 
created a provocative , 
everybody , wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? 
host to some truly excellent sequences 
a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap 
eager fans 
when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares 
... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere . 
inconsequential move 
all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . 
secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving . 
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up 
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious 
likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise 
his pleas 
with no obvious escape 
desperation worthy 
as a vehicle to savor binoche 's skill 
'' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . 
a sleep-inducing thriller 
truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together 
new zealand coming-of-age movie 
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast . 
the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 
the best actors there is 
while dark water is n't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' 
that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 
funny bone 
predictable , manipulative stinker 
an irrepressible passion 
spectacular performance - ahem 
endear itself to american art house audiences 
( a ) rather thinly-conceived movie . 
which is way too stagy 
it 's easy to love robin tunney 
it 's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . 
suicide 
freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box 
vivid , convincing 
due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity 
such a dependable concept was botched in execution 
for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 
were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn 
solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy 
clumsy dialogue 
an ungainly movie , ill-fitting 
are believable as people 
warm and winning central performance 
what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art 
outrageous or funny 
engaging , imaginative filmmaking 
the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned 
... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . 
shadowy 
88 minutes of exaggerated action 
nonsensical and laughable plotting 
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries 
are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be 
for the marquis de sade set 
it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 
bona fide groaners 
endearing about it . 
is a work of outstanding originality 
feels shrill , simple and soapy . 
a good human being 
it 's not particularly well made , but 
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 
fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes 
overwrought comedy/drama 
a very well-meaning movie , and 
would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ? 
best describes this film : honest 
gag 
the chills 
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them 
betrayal , deceit and murder 
it 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant . 
far closer than many movies 
quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it 
for laughs and not the last time 
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever . 
waster ' 
exercise in style and mystification . 
things interesting 
, long-suffering but cruel 
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is . 
as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy 
, soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 
's definitely an improvement on the first blade , 
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes 
as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . 
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer juan josé campanella 's reputation in the united states . 
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds . 
a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 
there 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery . 
, i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ... 
the most repugnant adaptation 
has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate 
it lacks the detail of the book 
capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism 
collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture . 
enter the fist is hilarious 
unbearably dull 
delivered in grand passion 
the absurdities and inconsistencies 
depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved 
the end of the world 
wet burlap sack 
fails to fascinate . 
deflated 
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time . 
the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . ' 
wild ride 
no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 
that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice 
brow 
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and 
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` 
stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 
a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism 
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access 
loads of irreparable damage 
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour 
inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 
ultra-cheesy dialogue 
assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan . 
a brief amount of time 
the real masterpiece 
can easily worm its way into your heart . 
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere . 
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass . 
disappointingly thin 
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . 
appear avant-garde 
achieves some kind of goofy grandeur 
of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone 
what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once 
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary 
michael moore 's latest documentary about america 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ... 
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film 
do we really need the tiger beat version ? 
when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails . 
in the middle of hopeful 
phenomenon 
turn on many people to opera , 
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , 
many talented people 
as with all ambitious films , it has some problems 
beautifully shot , 
with slow pacing 
of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum 
funny pace 
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay 
finding their way to joy 
even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory 
comedy goes 
love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut 
that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time 
( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters . 
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers . 
in good measure 
is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 
that would set it apart from other deep south stories 
mindless 
our imagination 
although ... visually striking and slickly staged 
offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor 
a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition 
rocks . 
works on some levels and 
petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... 
consistency 
merely ( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense . 
deft comic timing 
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation . 
possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen 
awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue 
come when various characters express their quirky inner selves 
to the power of women to heal 
spider-man 
it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness 
' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . 
reaching the comic heights it obviously desired 
it gets the details of its time frame right 
levity 
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids 
that should be punishable by chainsaw 
unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness 
display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline 
speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence 
fresh and absorbing 
with familiar situations and repetitive scenes 
systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 
this story still seems timely and important . 
it is more than merely a holocaust movie 
totally lacking 
's nowhere near as good as the original . 
glizty 
both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters . 
even if you 're an elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . 
film : honest 
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and 
do anything 
most daring , and complicated , performances 
paul cox needed to show it . 
is the score , as in the songs translate well to film 
have saved this film a world of hurt 
an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd 
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . 
provides a strong itch to explore more . 
the best espionage picture 
profoundly stupid 
teeth-clenching 
next movie 
shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . 
the sentimental script has problems 
that the final product is a ghost 
without overdoing it 
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better 
it makes up for in heart . 
a delightful comedy centering on food 
distasteful 
be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set 
more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 
it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks . 
slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 
who is not a character in this movie 
is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 
change watching such a character 
so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance 
in tight pants and big tits 
dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell . 
a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments 
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and 
the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes . 
a weird , arresting little ride . 
rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations 
it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . 
stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy 
of its execution and skill of its cast 
is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
ethical and philosophical 
stands as one of the great films about movie love 
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . 
to a satisfying crime drama 
an ideal 
as intelligent 
i shamelessly enjoyed it 
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? 
a literary detective story is still a detective story 
more self-absorbed women than the mother and 
is seriously compromised by that 
are so stunning 
surprisingly buoyant 
describes this film : honest 
somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton 
almost senseless 
have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense 
languorous charm 
support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick 
having been slimed in the name of high art 
a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy 
in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . 
has its rewards 
of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure 
dashing 
an appalling , 
grown-up voice 
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ? 
mishmash . 
adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture 
solid , satisfying fare for adults 
superficial characters 
fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill . 
most of the work 
as bestial 
i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks . 
loses 
a mimetic approximation of better films 
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short 
meditation ) 
icky 
a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department . 
pretends to be passionate and truthful 
you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma 
is n't worth telling 
usual worst 
but they fascinate in their recklessness . 
it 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long . 
exceptionally good idea 
are laughs aplenty 
it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems 
more if it had just gone that one step further 
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep . 
, i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . 
huston performance 
that 's just too boring and obvious 
`` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . 
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong 
being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be 
is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows 
substantial depth 
the most entertaining moments here are unintentional . 
to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house 
dripping with cliche and 
a black hole 
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! ) 
, it should pay reparations to viewers . 
` matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy 
perfectly entertaining summer diversion 
ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here 
see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out 
to a problem hollywood too long has ignored 
warmth and 
captivates as it 
that never really busts out of its comfy little cell 
's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken 
does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) . 
craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . 
fat 
a dentist drill 
is of the darkest variety 
is just fine 
truth 
most delightful 
convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment 
intriguing and honorable 
halle berry does her best to keep up with him 
a sloppy slapstick 
a charmer 
this movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 
realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 
what 's worse is that pelosi knows it . 
the film delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans . 
it squanders chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt ! 
gets old 
the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation . 
so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws 
labored gags 
be liberating 
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling . 
ayurveda does the field no favors 
the plot kicks into gear 
vowing , ` 
2-day old coke 
things will turn out okay 
the perfect movie many have made it out to be 
the movie dragged on 
still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable 
pale 
that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field 
they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were . 
family comedy 
among the most pitiful directing 
aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . 
real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is 
plenty to enjoy 
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . 
imitation 
orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 
remains a chilly , clinical lab report 
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching 
vibrantly colored and 
flawless 
willing to express his convictions 
( washington 's ) strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene . 
dare i say , entertaining ! 
listless 
has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue 
the unacceptable , 
in the travails of creating a screenplay 
the biggest names in japanese anime , 
sorvino is delightful in the central role . 
documentary-like credibility 
it 's not a motion picture ; 
( tsai 's ) masterpiece 
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement . 
-- sometimes tedious -- 
fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling . 
it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt . 
( cool visual backmasking ) 
able to tear their eyes away from the screen 
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special 
obscure this movie 's lack of ideas 
spectacularly 
their perceptiveness about their own situations 
an amazing slapstick instrument 
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing . 
absurdities 
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before . 
succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work 
a man has made about women since valley of the dolls 
good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) 
so vivid a portrait of a woman 
with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances 
of being able to give full performances 
that made the original men in black such a pleasure 
generous , inspiring film 
was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson ... 
cold-hearted 
a fault 
long-suffering 
it 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before . 
bring off 
, what a thrill ride 
another first-rate performance 
as mindless 
there 's nothing resembling a spine here 
is never quite able 
falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions 
an established filmmaker 
swipe 90 minutes of your time 
reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 
the worthy successor 
there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 
restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy 
a spirited film 
for putting together any movies of particular value or merit 
the movie knew what to do with him 
characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time 
you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer 
deep feeling 
has never made anything that was n't at least watchable 
carrying this wafer-thin movie 
the rueful , wry humor 
the strange horror 
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... 
smart , not cloying 
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year . 
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , 
might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 
technically and artistically inept . 
it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . 
that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 
one-of-a-kind 
is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . 
was kind of terrific 
disappointingly generic 
a satisfyingly unsettling ride 
these women 's 
brings documentary-like credibility 
confusing and horrifying vision 
give you 
satisfying summer blockbuster 
an inarticulate screenplay 
its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future 
allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly 
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration . 
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 
deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer . 
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music 
shapeless inconsequential move 
devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register 
gain from watching they 
sitcom-worthy solutions 
is a lame kiddie flick 
contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art 
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story . 
also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes 
comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture 
a film , and such a stultifying , 
can detract from the affection of that moral favorite 
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay . 
filled with alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience . 
is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 
this engaging mix 
dialogue , 30 seconds of plot 
the raw comic energy 
enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school 
nothing but an episode 
may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made 
returns to his son 's home 
is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth 
silences 
who loves both dance and cinema 
see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original 
kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself . 
to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate 
this alleged psychological thriller 
, haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 
ramble 
a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true 
uneven 
in your heart 
is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ... 
oh , james ! 
its opening 
of loss 
ourselves and 
more psychotic than romantic 
change tables 
a noticeable lack of pace 
know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again 
charming , thought-provoking new york fest 
more trifle than triumph . 
splendid-looking as this particular film 
the best ensemble casts 
is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 
were insulted 
two hours of junk . 
video-cam footage 
an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk . 
vital 
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and 
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . 
than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point 
bang your head on the seat in front of you , 
the immediate aftermath 
will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay 
be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance 
it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor 
) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment 
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ? 
not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing . 
exaggerated and 
an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood . 
surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy 
seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely 
an action/thriller of the finest kind 
observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 
playing the obvious game 
muddled and derivative 
but unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun . 
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' 
offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . 
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions 
witty and beneath 
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and 
the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less . 
's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say 
see who can out-bad-act the other 
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being . 
worst sin 
open-ended questions 
sophisticated and unsentimental treatment 
hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull 
japanese director shohei imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime . 
several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie 
malarkey 
go back to sleep . 
to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar 
that frenetic spectacle ( on the tv show ) has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout . 
's boring 
mired in stasis 
tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 
find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop 
, the film is deadly dull 
, while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing 
to be startled when you 're almost dozing 
insanely violent and very graphic 
and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable . 
you 're not a fan 
it 's offensive 
of both adventure and song 
extra points 
good-naturedly 
delightfully against the grain 
love affair 
, `` mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless . 
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 
pays off and is effective if you stick with it 
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best 
i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was 
compelling character 
lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . 
takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel 
its impressive images 
oscar-nominated 
, the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son . 
have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera 
its visual imagination is breathtaking 
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed 
aggressively anti-erotic 
a stunning fusion of music and images 
a cheap cliché 
like a splendid meal 
with the weak payoff 
that makes it attractive throughout 
snoozer 
not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved 
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother . 
entirely believable 
of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness 
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours . 
because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope 
messy and 
the bottom tier 
should get all five 
very strong 
go down with a ship as leaky as this 
of thoughtful war films and those 
been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson 
the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives 
its relaxed 
( a ) stale retread of the '53 original . 
goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan 
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , 
an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product 
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . 
animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers 
it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one 
if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for 
are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty . 
has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one . 
darker turns 
this rude and crude film 
, carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 
certainly ca n't recommend it 
to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments 
is impenetrable and dull 
laugh-free lecture 
something both ugly and mindless 
way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore 
lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature 
what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 
finely tuned 
worthy and devastating 
revelatory 
spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . 
opens today in the new york metropolitan area 
as boring 
its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture 
white-knuckled and unable to look away 
wilco fans will have a great time , and 
` in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . ' 
is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye . 
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict . 
give you a few laughs 
invaluable record 
the first part making up for any flaws that come later 
relatively flavorless 
of direct-to-video nash 
but it 's worth the concentration . 
one big blustery movie 
uninspiring 
elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires 
that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic . 
will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 
renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance . 
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : 
surprisingly funny movie 
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally . 
, the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery 
a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound 
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; 
wondering why these people mattered 
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals 
that the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen 
all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets 
make the most of the large-screen format , 
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic . 
most wondrously 
lacks aspirations of social upheaval 
moderately successful 
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense 
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye 
a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state 
a touching drama 
remains prominent , 
profundity 
into forced fuzziness 
also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . 
magnificent 
neatly 
excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope 
a fat man 's navel 
a happy ending 
eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness 
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set . 
not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny 
of you-are-there immediacy 
the heart soar 
90-minute , four-star movie 
is a movie so insecure about its capacity 
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets . 
susan sarandon 
without shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish . 
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy 
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor 
still committed to growth in his ninth decade 
laughed that hard 
of all the halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing . 
no character , 
new star wars movie 
convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic 
's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look . 
red dragon '' is entertaining . 
recipe , inspiring 
aimless hodgepodge 
irritating ( at least to this western ear ) 
some movies that hit you from the first scene 
pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them . 
going to make his debut as a film director 
presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . 
its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary . 
wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 
gets added disdain for the fact 
made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances 
as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming 
their surroundings 
has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome 
this nasty comedy 
is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed 
a moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child . 
to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 
bloated effects 
just two of the elements that will grab you 
a gushy episode of `` m * a * s * h '' only this time from an asian perspective . 
gets molested 
flick cliches 
watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy 
fights a good fight 
is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out . 
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself 
to the point of ridiculousness 
a smart , romantic drama 
in chilling style 
's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison 
smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams 
dramatically satisfying 
the worst of the entire franchise 
a bad run in the market or a costly divorce 
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment 
as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all . 
illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey 
jumps around with little logic or continuity 
any country 
not great 
utterly static 
a surprisingly charming and even witty match 
beyond its formula 
a disquieting and thought-provoking film 
the evocative imagery 
, but your ego 
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue . 
sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking 
his kids to watch too many barney videos 
enhance 
thoughtless , random , superficial humor and a lot 
succeed in really rattling the viewer 
the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 
laugh because he acts so goofy all the time 
nijinsky 
feel absolutely 
powerful , naturally dramatic 
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but 
' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 
modestly made 
that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness 
driven by the pathetic idea 
another gross-out college comedy -- ugh 
do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes 
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater . 
a big time stinker 
bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve 
the story has its redundancies , 
this uncharismatically 
it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe 
with steven seagal 
precisely 
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded . 
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and 
nervy and 
that gave people seizures 
the results are honest 
it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés . 
made him feel powerful 
( t ) his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh . 
hardhearted scrooge 
find it fascinating 
ensures the film never feels draggy 
low-budget and 
if ( jaglom 's ) latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing . 
overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy 
a gut punch 
gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done 
ferrara 's best film in years 
grand a failure 
the cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired . 
classical actress 
have finally aged past his prime ... 
turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum 
unrecoverable 
a smart and funny 
like a promising work-in-progress 
wittier 
quite fun 
hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch 
a teeth-clenching gusto 
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen 
the film has ( its ) moments , but 
far less enjoyable 
with an artistry that also smacks of revelation 
to the awfulness of the movie 
colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 
the filmmaking clumsy and rushed 
moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp 
the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 
where this was lazy but enjoyable 
'' winner 
has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded 
so many red herrings , so many false scares , 
` a ' list cast 
by its art and heart 
a treat 
who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain 
decent material 
tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film 
one of the best war movies ever made 
a foundering performance 
touching melodrama 
mopping up 
angry and sad 
delight your senses and crash this wedding 
should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters 
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite . 
a reasonably good time 
peevish and gimmicky 
lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . 
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market . 
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing . 
's not very good either . 
critical and commercial disaster 
an interesting look 
the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work 
really funny movie 
's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year 
add up to a satisfying crime drama . 
sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness 
will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face 
a gripping documentary 
its splendor 
a perfect medium 
best film 
an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book 
acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 
complex and quirky , but 
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 
soulless 
large-scale 
to fully endear itself to american art house audiences 
memory , resistance and artistic transcendence 
as one of the great submarine stories 
all the small moments and flashbacks 
is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt 
the modern day 
a painful elegy and 
far-flung , 
intellect 
sequences boring . 
hilarious writer-director himself 
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , 
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention . 
is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio 
is the power of love 
it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' 
the highest and the performances 
some cynical creeps 
beautifully sung 
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched 
, it 's not too bad . 
broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 
been developed with more care 
caffeinated , sloppy brilliance 
tired , unnecessary 
post-war art world 
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , 
his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 
is intriguing , provocative stuff . 
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare 
saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo 
of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds 
stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue 
nothing wrong with performances here , 
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year 
worth seeing at least once 
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy . 
when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable 
warm as it is wise 
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ... 
seeing things from new sides , 
deep , uncompromising curtsy 
... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 
does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length . 
that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday 
sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 
laughed 
a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking 
pull it back 
turn his movie in an unexpected direction 
halfwit plot 
's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . 
been done before but never so vividly or 
one step further 
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius . 
liked this film a lot ... 
figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm 
an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia 
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair 
is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . 
schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy 
it 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to . 
formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory 
on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 
pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece 
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but 
funny with the material 
belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public 
will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic 
weird little movie 
the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty . 
a movie that 's held 
when her material is not first-rate 
missed opportunity 
full of life , hand gestures , and some 
one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms 
by a set of heartfelt performances 
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america . 
've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ... 
an overwhelming pleasure 
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor 
swirling 
has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos 
funny scenes 
contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past 
a satisfying complete picture 
that kidman has become one of our best actors 
a certain charm 
frothing 
out-of-kilter character 
wallowing in hormonal melodrama 
willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor 
pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat 
the characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter . 
tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock 
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome . 
moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many . 
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration . 
piccoli 
fascinating -- and timely -- content 
she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 
ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside 
strong piece of work 
of bland hotels , highways , parking lots 
effective enough 
as do the girls ' amusing personalities 
deferred and desire 
there 's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity . 
of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 
does n't know what it wants to be 
an effective portrait 
kind , 
it were that grand a failure 
audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying 
live-wire film 
are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma 
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché . 
amused indictment 
is a slight and uninventive movie 
the muck 
could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture 
highly polished 
exhilarating , funny and fun 
a very funny , heartwarming film 
to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism 
lacks fellowship 's heart 
invitingly upbeat overture 
lacked 
shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable . 
own preciousness 
but it 's surprisingly harmless . 
friendship , love , and 
this movie 's lack of ideas 
as a historical study and as a tragic love story 
popular 
seen as hip , winking social commentary 
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story 
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 
too often strains 
bravado kathy ! 
happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares 
into something provocative , rich , and strange 
make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey 
far too cliched 
a sterling ensemble cast 
a refreshingly forthright one 
one of his most daring , and complicated , performances 
uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd 
mad 
be lovely 
tawdry trash 
a guilty pleasure to watch 
's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit 
it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. 
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story 
of oral storytelling frozen onto film 
takes itself all too seriously 
so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through 
no interesting concept can escape 
themes that interest attal and gainsbourg 
looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . 
to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but 
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending 
believe that something so short could be so flabby 
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value 
drags the film down . 
urge to doze 
feels rigged and sluggish 
adventure story and history lesson 
stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense 
makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 
its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois 
breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill 
are funny 
providing comic relief 
's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score 
from cowering poverty to courage and happiness 
broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture 
about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing 
unspeakable 
a frightening and compelling ` 
ca n't even 
most deceptively amusing comedies 
is laughingly 
feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful . 
that embraces its old-fashioned themes 
is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action 
's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs 
's definite room for improvement 
its own ludicrous terms 
near virtuosity in its crapulence 
unappealing 
intentionally low 
the classics 
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery 
a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 
unamusing 
a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing 
about the benjamins that 's hard to resist 
is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love 
is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks 
will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 
further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded . 
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down . 
sentimentalizing 
a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece 
he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 
the toughest ages a kid can go through 
the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process 
long and unfocused 
doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers 
dim-witted pairing 
no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all 
sane person 
has since 
is so insanely dysfunctional 
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , 
fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters . 
and it 's a lousy one at that . 
suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 
every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy 
yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy . 
colorful 
as bad as you think , 
an unsympathetic hero 
populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 
the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and 
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 
was as superficial 
at its visual delights 
strangely hollow at its emotional core 
is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake . 
the john wayne classics 
a grittily beautiful film 
it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself . 
foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster 
glib but bouncy 
splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us . 
ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least 
a nightmare about bad cinema 
just bring on the battle bots , please ! 
still have to see this ! 
have a new favorite musical 
leave us with a sense of wonder 
a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , 
anti-semitism and neo-fascism 
the four primary actors 
misfiring 
by a script that assumes you are n't very bright 
some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier 
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up 
do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation . 
somber , absurd , and , finally , 
its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future 
will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches 
is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it 
the modern rut of narrative banality 
who are enthusiastic about something and then 
would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head 
priceless 
chris columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original . 
feels like a cold old man going through the motions . 
terrific role 
brings them to life 
is loaded with good intentions 
an extraordinary poignancy 
extreme ops '' exceeds expectations . 
lead performances 
should pay money for what we can get on television for free 
is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair . 
b-movie category 
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and 
a fascinating character study with laughs 
gathering dust 
has a bigger-name cast 
best and most mature comedy 
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact 
bless crudup 
, knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . 
a cellular phone commercial 
only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch 
have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies 
treasure chest 
in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 
features a standout performance 
is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 
a low-budget affair , tadpole 
so incredibly inane 
a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string 
it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart . 
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself . 
the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham 's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism 
offensive 
you 're in luck . 
's mostly a pleasure to watch 
must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride . 
lack contrast , are murky 
most multilayered and sympathetic female characters 
a huge disappointment coming 
terrific screenplay 
gasp 
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times 
like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 
to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 
if festival in cannes nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen . 
worth cheering as a breakthrough 
an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers 
's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe . 
wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing 
has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness 
go hand in hand with talent 
as emotionally grand 
tackles more than she can handle . 
to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time 
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians 
before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar 
anguish , anger and frustration 
deep intelligence and 
wafer-thin 
's so striking about jolie 's performance 
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all . 
puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination . 
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out 
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect . 
the most original fantasy film ever made 
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed 
as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films 
watching spy 
deeply unsettling experience 
you 'll need a stronger stomach than us . 
to no particularly memorable effect 
enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little 
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , 
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness . 
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , 
possesses its own languorous charm . 
to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row 
it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . 
luridly graphic and 
writer-director kurt wimmer 
brilliantly constructed work 
that is fully formed and remarkably assured 
( `` laissez-passer '' ) 
this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short 
its core 
elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe 
to savor binoche 's skill 
sad ending 
in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity 
the fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point . 
deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure 
both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts 
electric 
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . ' 
dwells 
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but 
reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels 
the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 
's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . 
companionable 
achingly honest 
of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results 
an odd show 
is way too indulgent 
a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 
makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering 
explores the awful complications of one terrifying day 
started with a great premise 
honestly nice 
are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue 
object lesson 
feel like mopping up , 
is exceedingly pleasant , 
funny , uplifting and moving 
backed by sheer nerve 
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen 
's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it . 
loud , ugly , irritating movie 
be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild 
a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted 
bittersweet drama 
has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side 
, meandering , and sometimes dry 
dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious 
humorous and touching . 
of honest working folk 
style massacres erupt throughout 
a satisfactory overview 
have a good time 
a great team 
's a very very strong `` b + 
more emotional force than any other recent film 
is a beautiful film to watch 
appreciates the art and 
be madcap farce 
comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild . 
for happiness 
is casual and fun 
evil dead ii 
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic . 
alfred hitchcock 's 
been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn 
hitler 's destiny 
loathsome movie 
, one would hope for the best 
hazy 
their intelligence 
self-determination 
the war movie compendium 
of the worst possibilities of mankind 
a formula comedy redeemed by its stars 
are still looking for a common through-line 
he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way . 
dead 
layered richness 
skillful and moving 
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' 
undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins . 
is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs 
lovely and 
are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work 
deeply moving french drama 
dullingly 
a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know 
pick your nose instead 
lust and love 
france 's foremost cinematic poet 
's easy to like 
time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 
staring at a blank screen 
a trend long overdue 
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline 
much worse than bland or better than inconsequential 
a skillful fisher 
masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad . 
more enjoyable than its predecessor . 
barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism 
warmed over pastiche 
though it runs 163 minutes 
feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority 
friends will be friends through thick and thin 
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games . 
crisp storytelling 
plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 
knockoff 
those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 
suffers through this film 
very good time 
defies expectation 
gives us mostly fool 's gold 
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma 
great saturday night live sketch 
it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . 
as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care 
brings together 
of faith 
too sappy for its own good . 
the mind to enter and accept another world 
a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation 
that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny 
which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues 
has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery 
pieces of the famous director 's life 
cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names 
demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 
director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times . 
mixed results 
... a solid , well-formed satire . 
strongest and most touching movie of recent years 
a more annoying 
but a great one 
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one 
which is worth seeing 
... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added . 
unpredictable , hilarious 
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy 
before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo 
get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell 
is n't a new idea 
no psychology 
competent direction 
sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell 
follows the formula , 
to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry 
unflinching look 
keep this from being a complete waste of time 
unerring respect 
appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn . 
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting . 
white 's intermittently wise script 
a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate 
one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother 
've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots 
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient . 
the strain is all too evident 
the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness 
is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 
creepy turn 
of knucklehead swill 
a film so cold and dead 
star performance 
to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood 
davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort . 
finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise . 
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 
prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece 
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating 
was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard 
masterfully calibrated psychological thriller 
absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion 
pale imitation 
be so light-hearted 
it unexpectedly rewarding 
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes . 
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings 
charming and funny 
about tattoos 
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just 
ungainly 
discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus 
it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . ' 
acumen 
irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free . 
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces . 
get made-up and 
talented thesps 
a study in schoolgirl obsession 
we never feel anything for these characters , and 
just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be 
lucks 
attractive and talented 
of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects 
waltzed itself into the art film pantheon 
because of the universal themes , earnest performances 
cheap , graceless , hackneyed 
will turn out 
that there is no rest period , no timeout 
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling . 
are odd and pixilated and 
faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original 
tiny acts of kindness 
greatest triumph 
have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 
for large-scale action and suspense 
an unbelievably stupid film 
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting . 
's something vital about the movie . 
time and art 
that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . 
visually striking 
it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny 
it was going to be 
good video game movie 
manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie 
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child . 
not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer 
maybe twice ) 
ugly , pointless , stupid movie 
relayed by superb 
is even worse 
's good 
proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 
song-and-dance-man 
old-fashioned , occasionally charming and 
can not even be dubbed hedonistic 
splendid 
absurd 
the second half of the movie really goes downhill . 
dreadfulness 
to produce another smash 
a movie with no reason for being 
have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat 
captivatingly quirky hybrid 
a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series 
hated 
too much exploitation and 
accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel . 
layered 
the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent 
's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety . 
talented 
grotesquely 
an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off 
steven soderbergh does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it . 
're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two 
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment . 
chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact 
the thrills 
enjoying the big-screen experience 
of invention 
is dark , brooding and slow 
's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding . 
, humorless soap opera 
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world . 
hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated 
dream 
about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities 
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating . 
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling . 
and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range . 
it 's undone by a sloppy script 
and if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . 
, generosity and diplomacy 
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 
dreamlike 
, three-dimensional characters 
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but 
, wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title . 
it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 
late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love . 
it 's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer . 
sudsy 
watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers . 
a few nice twists 
of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work 
a stylish exercise 
about a superficial midlife crisis 
must have baffled the folks in the marketing department 
favorably compared to das boot 
is at once intimate and universal cinema 
at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself 
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . 
rising star jake gyllenhaal 
do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action 
gorgeous , passionate 
incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music 
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and 
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it . 
that it counts heart as important as humor 
grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond 
undermining the story 's emotional thrust 
utterly convincing 
to get in the way 
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases 
seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . 
from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves 
most remarkable 
bottom-rung new jack city 
if you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . 
, it is clearly a good thing . 
's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . 
an attention 
artfully 
columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie 
annoyed 
graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake 
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . 
the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , 
to conceive anyone else in their roles 
may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard 
's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points 
of above the rest 
foul-natured 
do n't have a clue on the park 
pushed to their most virtuous limits 
the most entertaining bonds 
a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy 
weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne 
thoroughly dull 
an excellent sequel . 
to creep the living hell out of you 
those so-so films that could have been much better 
coma-like state 
gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic 
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on 
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad . 
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' 
enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity 
intellectual and emotional 
penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship . 
has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry . 
its courageousness , 
, cliche-ridden 
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium 
ambitious , eager 
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out . 
keeps this pretty watchable , and 
a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess 
triumph 
outstanding originality 
best-sustained 
out-to-change-the-world 
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out 
creativity , and fearlessness 
pleasant and engaging enough 
be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around 
lags badly 
meaningless 
with motionless characters 
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie 
dress up in drag 
seem appealing 
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say 
one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable 
endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison 
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up . 
vital comic ingredient 
from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style 
just offbeat 
after the death of a child 
hugely imaginative and successful 
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing 
the cultural distinctions 
a substantive movie 
a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 
unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense 
grave for youngsters 
gratitude 
sensual , 
the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . 
especially charm 
just is n't very funny . 
in this dreary mess 
is a pleasant enough dish 
scattered 
of saucy 
a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency 
the odd enjoyably chewy lump 
the rare sequel 
from stark desert 
bland police procedural details , fiennes 
of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh 
occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold 
make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson 
ki-deok 
inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic 
the charm of the first movie is still there , 
has much to recommend it , 
an awful sour taste 
young american 
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean 
your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute 
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way . 
of hope 
the toilet and scores a direct hit 
all the values of a straight-to-video movie 
dime-store psychology 
is one big , dumb action movie 
comes off as a touching , transcendent love story 
the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . 
more irresistibly than in ` baran 
affair , 
little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 
are in tatters 
cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you . 
would tax einstein 's brain 
smug and convoluted 
perfection 
have fun in this cinematic sandbox 
unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out 
when she should be building suspense 
akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material 
something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense 
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson . 
low-brow humor , 
another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents . 
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , 
a winning piece 
the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were 
unremittingly ugly 
nazi 
becomes a tiresome cliché 
a text to ` lick , 
most savory and hilarious 
and educational ! 
a classic genre 
the less charitable might describe as a castrated 
, should n't the reality seem at least passably real ? 
a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth 
convinced 
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs 
a date 
as naturally charming as it needs to be 
once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me 
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works 
a way of seeping into your consciousness 
attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe 
very 
was better than saving private ryan 
banal and 
weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise 
filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power 
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort . 
truly edgy -- 
's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' . 
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less 
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition 
a level of connection and concern 
i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike 
corruption 
itself -- as well its delightful cast -- 
any after-school special you can imagine 
into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' 
drowned me 
dynamic first act 
's a rock-solid little genre picture 
offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar 
feel realistic . 
need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 
with raw urban humor 
it 's at least watchable 
the laborious pacing 
is creepy 
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film . 
ultimately unpredictable 
deeply humanistic 
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem 
pretend the whole thing never existed 
prepare 
a lot of flavor and spice 
all that matters 
to rush to the theater for this one 
, discerning taste 
pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone 
be a total washout 
delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans 
wanting to abandon the theater 
a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience 
revolutionary 
is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 
, collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture . 
been there , done 
for that comes through all too painfully in the execution 
truly 
how they make their choices , and 
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way 
which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing 
attempts to mine laughs 
are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 
how to suffer ' 
occasional smiles 
are reflected in almost every scene 
dumplings 
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry 
what 's next ? 
never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . 
of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas 
its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen 
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . 
jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut . 
so sloppily written and 
become a household name 
a tired , unnecessary retread ... 
the leads ) are such a companionable couple 
annoying score 
... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades . 
resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is 
is as thought-provoking as it 
keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes 
crime 
of constant smiles and frequent laughter 
soap-opera emotion 
with energy and innovation 
found this a remarkable and novel concept 
swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes 
... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department . 
you feel good , you feel sad , 
swallow its absurdities and crudities 
successfully blended satire , 
who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream 
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . 
transparent attempts 
the characters are based on stock clichés 
lost on the target audience 
spent watching this waste of time . 
at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans 
to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience 
warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it 
's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet 
lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability . 
fused with their humor 
it looks good , but it is essentially empty 
, it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . 
this story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama . 
that were already tired 10 years ago 
allow the suit to come to life 
a timeless and unique perspective 
these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before 
cornball sequel 
plotless 
yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction 
... del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . 
it fascinating 
wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama 
to perform entertaining tricks 
is , by itself , deserving of discussion . 
plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast 
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein 
made tucker a star 
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . 
old garbage 
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . 
every-joke-has - been-told-a 
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated . 
really solid woody allen film 
dickens ' words 
could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life 
` ick ' 
cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 
disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 
the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 
you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises . 
the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . 
the shallow sensationalism characteristic 
the shackles of its own clichés 
roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph 
the awe 
, is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . 
eight legged freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ... 
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable 
exploitation piece 
be post-feminist breezy 
i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed . 
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 1/2 weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema . 
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed . 
the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours 
to `` interesting '' 
the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision 
, barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . 
the best 60 minutes 
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise 
truly terrible . 
the shocking conclusion 
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and 
naïveté 
ca n't help but feel ` stoked . ' 
is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood 
well-written and occasionally challenging 
will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids . 
none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits 
throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , 
you feel good , you feel sad 
quirky movie to be made from curling 
it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . 
that 's low on both suspense and payoff 
should n't have been made 
may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes 
addictive 
than a half-hearted fluke 
smart-aleck movie 
can only be described as sci-fi generic . 
the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort 
hurried , badly cobbled look 
, uncompromising 
less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and 
cutting hollywood satire 
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but 
insight and humor 
similarly styled gremlins 
a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means . 
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy 
have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc 
looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab 
gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut 
been replaced by the bottom of the barrel 
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , 
zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film . 
every moment crackles with tension , 
amazingly 
its ultimate demise 
feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama . 
that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 
songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . 
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie 
to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable 
puts washington , as honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher 
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale 
infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane . 
a blast 
are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug 
swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . 
too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins 
ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script 
panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat 
a comedy , both gentle and biting 
it 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 
a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other 
absorbing 
whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . 
of astonishing grandeur 
the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 
want to be jolted out of their gourd 
padded . 
want to smash its face in 
this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work 
an exhilarating 
so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love 
the perfect star vehicle 
by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment 
will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have 
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears 
a major director 
be better as a diary or documentary 
very smart 
beyond the end zone 
pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over 
really poor comedic writing 
smoother or more confident 
a mediocre tribute to films like them 
two hours of junk 
fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances 
fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious 
great films 
with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master 
plotless 
stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time 
the sword fighting is well done and 
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness . 
make them laugh 
, i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 
of warmth and humor 
the summer 's most pleasurable movies 
thoughtful examination 
can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? 
it strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain . 
bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) 
sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments 
adams just copies from various sources -- 
inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence 
lot funnier 
dirty faces 
an admirable storyteller 
'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 
thoroughly unrewarding all of this 
could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . 
actually manages to bring something new into the mix 
the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission . 
becomes instead a grating endurance test . 
that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture 
are poorly 
an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out 
, virulently unpleasant excuse 
captivates 
lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve . 
is such a perfect medium for children 
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual . 
you missed the point 
was beginning to hate it 
's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days 
incapable of being boring 
reach much further than we imagine . 
und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily . 
another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls 
his fake backdrops 
ghetto 
, windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 
is not a bad film . 
distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine 
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate 
should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it 
feels the dimming of a certain ambition 
about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something 
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special 
works superbly 
would gobble in dolby digital stereo 
dime-store ruminations 
saccharine genre 
the score is too insistent 
with the exception of mccoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park . 
a major movie 
are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . 
some special qualities and 
into its intriguing subject 
attractive 
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time 
, this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 
in the best way 
this is a film living far too much in its own head . 
a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance 
a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical 
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two 
i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material 
us 
movie nothing 
keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films 
in a very real and amusing give-and-take 
moving and weighty depiction 
exercise in style and mystification 
good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart 
plenty of laughs 
above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 
has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones 
feature-length stretch 
its characters , weak and strong 
slap her - she 's not funny ! 
accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 
there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . 
the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change 
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff 
a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling 
accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . 
hungry-man portions of bad 
capable of anteing up some movie star charisma 
so much first-rate 
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and 
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , 
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew 
articulate , grown-up voice 
provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc . 
have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame 
psychotic 
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief . 
with so much passion 
an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place 
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey 
adds a much needed moral weight 
to long for the end credits 
a retread story , bad writing , and 
trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge 
woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters 
an engaging storyline 
for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . 
convoluted 
purposefully 
... by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over . 
it 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style . 
offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded 
somebody might devote time to see it 
is a distinct rarity , and an event 
it 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter . 
surprisingly decent flick 
ebullient 
sheds light 
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and 
is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable 
more ambivalent set 
symbiotic relationship 
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots . 
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue . 
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them . 
far too much 
for that sense of openness , the little surprises 
too amateurishly square 
is not the director at his most sparkling 
a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode 
the quirky and recessive charms 
rather toothless 
her best 
inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable 
of terrific 
aggravating and tedious 
a courageous scottish lady 
absorbs all manner of lame entertainment 
skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 
give them credit for : the message of the movie 
sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution 
all-over-the-map 
a treasure chest of material 
intriguing and alluring premise 
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze . 
is clever and funny 
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- 
it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller 
was n't all that great to begin with 
'll cry for your money back . 
embodies the transformation of his character 
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart . 
poorly-constructed 
has value can not be denied 
tie together beautifully 
best story 
a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable 
undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 
often lethally dull 
it is a remarkably original work . 
the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was 
venturesome , beautifully realized 
a feel movie 
in cynicism every bit 
try hard but 
beguiling 
do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time 
at the right film 
could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films 
audience falls asleep 
already-shallow 
that satisfies , as comfort food often can 
my least favorite emotions , 
more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms 
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 
looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here 
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments 
fierce 
are uncomfortably strained . 
excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope . 
knows how to tell us about people . 
neatly 
's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 
a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening 
is n't very interesting actually 
is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers . 
the more serious-minded concerns 
enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary 
when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars 
nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while 
seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 
is nothing short of a great one . 
completely awful iranian drama ... 
except it 's much 
highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated 
light the candles , bring out the cake and 
suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . 
a reasonable degree 
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up . 
sentimental but entirely irresistible 
so distasteful 
's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . 
seem graceless and ugly 
sensuous and 
every theater stuck with it 
has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores 
're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party 
silly-looking 
bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically 
's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present . 
with a `` spy kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 
gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be 
your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts . 
to feel like you were n't invited to the party 
torn apart 
of paint-by-number romantic comedies 
will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning 
visually breathtaking 
about which you can actually feel good 
best man '' 
the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode 
get on a board and , uh , shred , 
substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite 
-- and deeply appealing 
watching junk 
the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live 
ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers 
reign 
one scene 
of both thematic content and narrative strength 
shoot 
's rare 
living mug shots 
those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do 
their shallow styles 
, brain-deadening hangover 
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and 
efficiency and 
retro uplifter . 
ya-ya 's 
an oddly fascinating depiction 
a doa 
similarly themed 
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita '' . 
have been much better 
myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 
is so warm and fuzzy 
farce and blood-curdling family intensity 
read my lips 
no particularly memorable effect 
one of the great submarine stories 
it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . ' 
a generic bloodbath 
a boring , pretentious muddle 
pulpy concept 
the same mistake 
crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies 
i can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . 
a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films 
are totally estranged from reality 
a distinguished film legacy 
romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going 
plays closer to two . 
be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness 
is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style . 
wit and originality 
affectionately 
no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country 
do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution 
fiascos 
to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget 
the great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home . 
's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? '' 
smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country . 
significantly different ( and better ) than most films 
the fun of the movie 
the brawn , but not the brains 
on top 
hole-ridden 
the timeless spectacle of people 
dead-on 
reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy 
the frequent allusions 
the film did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side . 
faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 
an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ... 
of her considerable talents 
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story . 
familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same 
the masterful british actor ian holm 
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis 
balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents 
assured , glossy 
, i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . 
spare but quietly effective retelling . 
grievous but obscure 
the surprise ending 
tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic 
of a paranoid and unlikable man 
proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 
just because a walk to remember 
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time 
` blue crush ' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . 
this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground . 
naipaul fans may be disappointed . 
gets vivid performances from her cast 
desert 
runs for only 71 minutes and 
challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means 
treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 
nice twists 
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and 
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but 
does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen . 
stays close to the ground 
this tepid genre offering 
in earnest dramaturgy 
the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes 
prime mystery 
of ' a nightmare 
also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 . 
comic fan 
in addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . 
terror 
of ghandi gone bad 
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man . 
a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore 
there surrender $ 9 
safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen 
the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . 
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser . 
epiphanies 
easier to digest 
affects of cultural and geographical displacement . 
have the highest production values you 've ever seen 
add anything fresh 
a game supporting cast 
the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 
keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera 
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy . 
an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication 
sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 
very shapable but largely unfulfilling present 
in a summer of clones 
been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 
artistically inept 
the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening 
cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 
wore 
an ` action film ' 
the stars 
incredibly dated and unfunny 
very thrilling 
is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype . 
as an important , original talent in international cinema 
to sustain a laugh 
movie dawdle 
that rare quality 
sympathetic without being gullible 
these brats will ever be anything more than losers 
generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters 
painfully 
's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible . 
this waste of time 
attentive 
been acted out 
the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 
is likely to find compelling 
has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 
snide and prejudice 
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france . 
a film in a class with spike lee 's masterful 
goes to absurd lengths 
to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 
a sweet , even delectable diversion 
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal . 
churn out one mediocre movie after another 
mostly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder . 
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity . 
( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) 
's not a fresh idea 
is unfocused 
unhibited 
a sure hand 
highlighted 
wear thin with repetition 
make creative contributions to the story and dialogue 
funny and fun 
as unusually and unimpressively fussy 
seem smart and well-crafted 
delicately crafted film 
skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 
so many flaws 
is honestly 
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation 
opportunists 
it 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . 
an artist who is simply tired 
that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago 
wants to break free of her old life 
entertain 
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap 
evocative 
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , 
emerges as a numbingly dull experience 
a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 
no-holds-barred cinematic 
down on their working-class subjects 
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good . 
, trouble every day is a plodding mess . 
the incomprehensible anne rice novel 
only makeup-deep 
a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped 
good and 
for sure 
much more ordinary 
it 's hard to stop watching 
delighted 
as hilarious 
the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers . 
a straight-ahead thriller 
teeth-clenching gusto 
unlike 
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved 
sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 
bad luck 
odd purity 
it never lacks in eye-popping visuals 
in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties 
viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it . 
unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 
in a well-balanced fashion 
totally estranged from reality 
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and 
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play 
smart , 
it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison 
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard 
taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion 
kill michael myers for good 
recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting . 
seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation 
inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry 
beautiful , angry and sad 
encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow 
slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot 
guessing at almost every turn 
what makes the movie special 
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously . 
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy . 
a wannabe comedy 
empire '' lacks in depth 
quick-witted than any english lit 
wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways 
stay afloat 
a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan 
does the thoroughly formulaic film 
a film so graceless and devoid 
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound 
its director 's most substantial feature for some time . 
there is no sense 
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . ' 
co-winner 
no particular bite 
that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk 
weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen 
keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste 
unstable 
a captivating coming-of-age story 
that have preceded it 
an oscar-worthy performance 
a very charming and funny movie 
the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 
of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny 
( a ) soulless , stupid sequel 
attracting 
the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers 
imax trip 
small , intelligent eyes 
boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other 
intelligent and moving . 
terrific , sweaty-palmed fun 
abrasive 
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing 
is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . '' 
the dispassionate gantz brothers 
the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . '' 
oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . 
swept away by the sheer beauty of his images 
clueless 
both oscar winners , 
unclear 
makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering . 
showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase 
riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder 
it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . 
the problematic script 
elaborate continuation 
would go back and choose to skip it . 
is nothing in it to engage children emotionally 
playful 
originality is sorely lacking . 
of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 
skillfully assembled , highly polished and 
trying to forget 
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas . 
a good match 
the hell 
it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 
physical energy 
're out there ! '' 
, it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 
pure escapism 
more than capable of rewarding them 
enjoy the new guy . 
should dispel it 
an earnest , roughshod document 
look ill at ease sharing the same scene . 
dead dog 
a chilling tale of one 
there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller 
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , 
less mature 
entirely witless 
, it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies . 
and -- sadly -- dull 
would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud . 
being wickedly funny and just plain wicked 
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying 
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his . 
it 's too close to real life to make sense 
a zany mix 
so not-at-all-good 
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... 
is recognizably plympton 
important film 
, the film would be a total washout . 
adaptation 's success 
terrible adaptation 
thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances 
by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks 
all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but 
flop 
bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay 
makes this film special 
serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , 
ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles 
maybe twice 
beautifully shot , delicately 
some success 
a pretty good job 
endearing 
, this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 
putting together any movies of particular value or merit 
's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence . 
alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse 
` how can you charge money for this ? ' 
stories work 
being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem 
might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead . 
comedy ensemble 
not-very-funny 
`` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses 
a stirring , funny and 
this unique director 's previous films 
a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller 
feels contrived 
eroti-comedy 
him this year 's razzie 
's the perfect cure for insomnia 
in genre cliches 
has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors 
to be wholesome and subversive at the same time 
shapeless documentary 
works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm 
'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about 
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? 
refresh 
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls . 
great crimes 
nevertheless , it still seems endless . 
more trifle than triumph 
contains no wit , only labored gags 
rate annie 
the look and the period trappings right 
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . 
it 's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins . 
smug grin 
as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking 
there is no foundation for it 
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor . 
middle east 
contentious configurations 
frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director 
dead gorgeous 
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie . 
pinochet 's victims 
it does in trouble every day 
the sparse instances of humor 
will be following after it 
an hour 's worth of actual material 
completely ridiculous 
likely to induce sleep than fright 
two not very absorbing characters 
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . 
pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie 
a role of almost bergmanesque intensity 
may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 
my own tortured psyche 
alone , should scare any sane person away . 
his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses 
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman 
's lovely 
let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . 
is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious . 
a compelling 
this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 
cliche pileup 
falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan 
to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good 
of work and 2002 's first great film 
does the nearly impossible 
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler . 
it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 
with her actors 
's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect 
intelligent humor 
is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad . 
crystallize key plot moments 
most oddly honest hollywood document 
hand it to director george clooney 
a nightmare 
the power of shanghai ghetto 
look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy 
dumb gags , 
on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up 
instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel . 
of his spiritual survival 
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up 
the ideal outlet 
sham actor workshops and 
in any way demeaning its subjects 
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message . 
off-puttingly 
is still charming 
not exactly assured in its execution 
atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation 
's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes 
generally insulting 
( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional 
the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug 
why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie 
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution 
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work . 
awesome work : 
is haunting ... ( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction . 
bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love . 
can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 
the most original in years 
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and 
poetic road movie 
feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 
terrific 
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , 
thoroughly enjoyed themselves 
mall movie 
dramatically moving 
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick . 
style and bold colors 
of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 
it 's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? '' 
better than inconsequential 
sooooo tired 
gets too cloying 
wide-smiling 
first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' 
sing beautifully and act adequately 
attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight 
crisp psychological drama 
of poetry and passion 
offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film 
( tries ) to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the united states . 
fits the bill perfectly 
too little excitement and 
is a must ! 
sets out to entertain and 
, albeit a visually compelling one , 
's that good 
give what can easily be considered career-best performances 
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death . 
several cliched movie structures : the road movie , 
's no energy 
reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone 
behind the project 
if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale 
watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy 
the cat 's meow 
-- more accurately , it 's moving 
real-life hollywood fairy-tale 
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play 
sweetly sexy , funny and touching . 
you 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery . 
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but 
he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film 
gets the look and the period trappings right 
anemic 
's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident 
be best forgotten 
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film 
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash 
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul 
as delicately calibrated in tone 
has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series . 
ca n't miss it . 
a watch that makes time go faster rather than 
intense political and psychological thriller 
a positive impression 
dedicated 
indie of the year , so far 
indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 
contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion 
the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you 
impossible as it may sound 
one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates 
very stupid and annoying 
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film . 
and resourceful hero 
when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there . 
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation . 
combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ? 
of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen 
that extravagantly redeems it 
at least terribly monotonous 
more curious 
, you might soon be looking for a sign . 
rise above the level of an after-school tv special 
a failure of storytelling 
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could . 
getting into too many pointless situations 
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent 
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings . 
that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world 
a mess . 
have a good shot at a hollywood career 
as happy listening to movies 
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... 
the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy 
personal low 
imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects 
of the biggest disappointments of the year 
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly . 
the variety of tones in spielberg 's work 
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously . 
are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . 
highly predictable 
failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest 
engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary 
the smarter offerings the horror genre 
that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer 
the highest power of all is the power of love 
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and 
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from 
the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) 
tiresome cliché 
, in an irresistible junior-high way , 
that real natural , even-flowing tone 
is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another . 
gives a performance that is masterly 
movie fun 
misanthropic stuff 
meandering , low on energy , and 
see this movie 
style-free 
predictable plot 
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences 
one of the worst of the entire franchise 
of the year 's best films 
, kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust . 
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic . 
is frequently amusing 
an intensely lived time 
is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way 
a sleek advert 
fails . 
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull 
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . ' 
wasted potential 
directed it may leave you speaking in tongues 
sordid universe 
own staggeringly unoriginal terms 
tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 
funny , sexy , 
speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates 
most daring , and complicated 
soap opera 
watching intelligent people making a movie 
it must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes . 
, it 's also somewhat clumsy . 
it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm 
and cinemantic flair 
improperly hammy performance 
horrifying 
pretends to be passionate and truthful but 
to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes 
super 
the ups and downs of friendships 
is n't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? 
ache 
thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies 
overly sillified plot 
, much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy 
the positives 
the four feathers comes up short 
a little wit 
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace 
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , 
that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy . 
worth revisiting 
there 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits . 
many conclusive answers in the film 
's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second . 
there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script 
of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves 
burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . 
make paid in full worth seeing 
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo . 
enticing prospect 
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : 
much of what we see is horrible 
neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present . 
as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac 
damon/bourne or 
absolutely 
is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves . 
as anything much more 
, and motorcycles 
a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire 
the thinness of its characterizations 
untalented artistes 
who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . 
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it . 
a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 
wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 
fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines 
be familiar 
really quite funny . 
seen some bad singer-turned actors 
and more entertaining , too 
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . 
is this so boring ? 
ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you 
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart 
the spirits of these young women 
in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light 
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice . 
the animation master 
is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 
cheap , ludicrous attempt 
authentically vague 
man cliché 
though the story ... is hackneyed 
oftentimes funny , yet 
xmas 
's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller 
, this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve . 
expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence 
i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless 
of enthralling drama 
-- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- 
astounds . 
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them . 
of motherhood deferred and desire 
has much to learn 
with the american dream 
`` freaky friday , '' it 's not . 
seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum 
of rich detail condensed 
the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves 
immensely appealing couple 
charms are immediately apparent 
potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 
looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . 
us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced 
beautiful movement and inside information 
is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause 
you can find humor 
linklater 
the result is more puzzling than unsettling 
it 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . 
everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness 
solid performances and 
plain bad . 
so insanely stupid , so awful 
the high standards of performance 
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion . 
will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart . 
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity 
ca n't deny its seriousness and quality 
you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out 
juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films . 
to overcome gaps in character development and story logic 
gives added clout to this doc 
dreary 
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor 
yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it . 
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic 
he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time . 
does a great combination act 
a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art 
's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work . 
thank 
failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations 
is impressive . 
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic 
actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks 
transfixes the audience 
a sour taste 
returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures 
will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot 
with the same number of continuity errors 
auspicious feature debut 
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations 
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , 
gives the story some soul 
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere 
of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one 
cheat 
decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies 
for the ones that do n't come off 
wonderful life 
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing . 
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp 
it 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience . 
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , 
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff 
draws us in long 
the rarest kinds of films 
were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke 's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` do not go gentle into that good theatre . ' 
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi 's 
, the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . 
is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers . 
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . ' 
exhilarating 
there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights . 
will have an intermittently good time . 
this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players 
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category 
creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic 
-- however canned -- 
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm 
slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 
in its poetic symbolism 
could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen 
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud . 
no new friends 
static set ups , 
heartwarming film 
sometimes creepy intimacy 
` what 's the russian word for wow !? ' 
lazy 
, kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness . 
demonstrating vividly 
comfortable niche 
a tearjerker 
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year 
ocean visuals 
, and even touching 
a predictable outcome and a screenplay 
the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl 
's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend 
the film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots 
wishy-washy 
need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess 
some of the back-story is a little tired 
little emotional resonance 
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , 
wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 
leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied 
incredibly flexible 
becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence 
devoid of wit and humor 
, featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 
anti-feminist 
is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 
the ridiculous dialog or 
is just generally insulting 
thoughtful , reverent portrait 
painfully 
a quietly introspective portrait 
is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience 
alienating most viewers 
able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable 
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman . 
for with its heart 
the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better 
by a natural sense for what works 
that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here 
the best korean film 
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film . 
largely flat and uncreative moments 
straightforward and 
, the movie looks genuinely pretty . 
an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema 
old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation 
acknowledges and celebrates 
could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again . 
merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press 
ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions 
exactly how bad it is 
you wo n't like looking at it 
you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness 
indie of the year , 
also happens to be good 
exciting plot 
unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . 
grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 
performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career 
the final day of the season 
do n't need to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california 
into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games 
is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . 
-- and long -- for its own good 
error 
spot-on scottish burr 
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part 
is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny . 
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros . 
his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson 
servicable world war ii drama 
is they have a tendency to slip into hokum 
that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless 
gross romanticization of the delusional personality type 
spiked by jolts of pop music 
just plain bad . 
's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish . 
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- 
a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power 
, it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . 
because it plays everything too safe 
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation 
is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . 
to anyone who loves both dance and cinema 
to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation 
they engage and even touch us 
gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general 
deserve better . 
( a ) soulless 
this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and 
directs , ideally 
very ugly , 
to abandon the theater 
sad but endearing 
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 
mugging their way through snow dogs 
gets old quickly 
an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton . 
the most compelling performance 
cold blanket 
succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack . 
a great saturday night live sketch 
its courage , ideas 
erotically frank 
students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously 
new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply 
run for your lives 
not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department 
really , save your disgust and your indifference 
real characters 
worked five years ago 
to sag in certain places 
is nothing less than a provocative piece of work 
gives hollywood sequels 
we do n't even like their characters . 
a satisfying summer blockbuster 
sci-fi generic 
twinkling 
has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers . 
derailed by bad writing 
starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera . 
often food-spittingly 
decent draft 
they do n't fit well together and neither is well told 
becomes more and more frustrating 
nominated for an oscar next year 
should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it . 
chelsea hotel 
, contrived sequels 
murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed 
's not enough substance 
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but 
trust laughs 
dumb drug jokes and 
a dud -- 
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . 
chore 
a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity 
low-rent retread 
no good inside dope 
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but 
give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise 
watching monkeys flinging their feces at you 
to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama 
is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 
i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 
the acting is amateurish 
a text to ` lick 
like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . 
padding 
doomed by its smallness 
of the finest films of the year 
a romantic comedy 
family film sequel 
plan to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' 
as a touching , transcendent love story 
an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness 
, the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel 
an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater 
of unbridled greed and materalism 
spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 
from each film 
it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . 
hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape 
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end 
it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before 
deliver remarkable performances . 
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash . 
a delightful lark 
cho 's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots . 
a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song 
crummy 
's undone by a sloppy script 
more and more abhorrent 
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books 
easily forgotten 
ambitious 
brutally honest 
the bad things 
, few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . 
lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable 
that it 's boring 
better to do with 94 minutes 
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer 
a dashing and resourceful hero ; 
the dark places of our national psyche 
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , 
has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! 
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , 
undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece 
introspective and 
as a remake , it 's a pale imitation . 
over-the-top , and 
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence . 
eloquent film 
comedy since being john malkovich 
violent , self-indulgent and maddening 
fails to entertain 
... may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 
obligatory cheap 
written , flatly , 
tough beauty 
lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns 
in some terrific setpieces 
, i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) . 
refracting 
luckiest stroke 
nothing to gain from watching they 
more holes than clyde barrow 's car 
arty and jazzy 
of an ignored people 
my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 
deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities 
colorful , vibrant introduction 
of testing boundaries 
of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh 
looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting 
fascinating , compelling story 
seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . 
of a minor miracle in unfaithful 
as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work 
like peace 
insufferably 
the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls 
a crowdpleaser as 
children 
is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 
it jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier . 
the theater wondering why these people mattered 
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , 
a fine effort 
comic set 
caught but the audience gets pure escapism 
crafted , and well executed 
that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project 
honest observations 
cruelly 
see this terrific film with your kids -- 
handled with intelligence and care 
a moving story of determination and the human spirit . 
confection that 's pure entertainment . 
to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock 
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent . 
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids . 
, surprising romance 
, cry and realize , ` it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . ' 
exhausted , desiccated talent 
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed . 
is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films 
atypically hypnotic 
the slapstick is labored , and 
an epic rather than 
poignant and delicately complex . 
what 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . 
it 's in the action scenes that things fall apart . 
into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary 
be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms 
that already-shallow 
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , 
profoundly stupid affair 
excellent latin actors 
adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild . 
that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 
most depressing 
fit 
finds warmth in the coldest environment and 
make this surprisingly decent flick 
as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies 
vicious and absurd 
even witty 
gabbiest giant-screen movie 
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching . 
to confront their problems openly 
anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning . 
master craftsmen 
resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative 
to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours 
childlike dimness and 
moving , if uneven , success 
i never thought i 'd say this , but i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies 
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and 
all sides 
such fury 
purports 
major movie 
solid , psychological action film 
seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame 
informative and 
the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 
whiny 
added depth and resonance 
chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 
brought down by lousy direction 
, 84 minutes is short 
aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed 
a satisfying evening at the multiplex 
a nightmare 
plucking tension from quiet 
truly egregious lip-non-synching 
fine acting 
remains undiminished 
it does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject . 
they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 
ingeniously constructed than `` memento '' 
who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic 
it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy 
the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem 
is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining 
ferocity and thoughtfulness 
as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise 
the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective . 
meshes in this elegant entertainment 
that few movies have ever approached 
any working class community 
a tedious picture 
gathering dust on mgm 's shelf 
i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris . 
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't 
beautiful , aching sadness 
uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels . 
wrong 
huge mess 
, accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community 
'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year 
want to watch 
by a strong and unforced supporting cast 
is a copy of a copy of a copy 
is n't the actor to save it . 
paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party 
of the family vacation 
try hard 
a simple message 
, this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits . 
seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory . 
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation 
the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 
uninhibited 
pitch-perfect acting 
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events 
great actors hamming it up 
dumb gags 
a sub-formulaic slap in the face 
recharged 
smothered 
starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni 
eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , 
purdy 
impressive and highly entertaining 
will not be for much longer 
perpetually wasted 
liked this film a lot 
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and 
have n't laughed that hard in years 
a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain 
witless and utterly pointless . 
awkward version 
is what we call the ` wow ' factor . 
it made me feel unclean 
poor acting 
strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . 
veers 
may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns . 
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless 
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited 
best korean film 
that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny 
otherwise bleak 
creative animation work 
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson 's e ! 
the source material movie 
a prince of a fellow 
hitchcockian suspense 
of having been slimed in the name of high art 
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension 
is not as well-conceived as either of those films 
does n't really add up to much . 
takes such a speedy swan dive 
thick clouds of denial 
amusedly , 
character portrait , romantic comedy 
pryor wannabe 
unusual power 
more chillingly effective 
it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 
of the guru who helped 
the problematic characters and 
bold 
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them . 
barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material . 
does hold up pretty well 
is a masterfully conducted work . 
-- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- 
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction 
caffeinated , sloppy 
is told as the truth 
, oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly 
against a tree 
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary 
an intermittently good time 
for historical truth and realism 
, ugly and destructive little **** 
friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , 
is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement . 
the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 
fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people 
mayhem and stupidity 
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory 
try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde . 
string together enough charming moments to work 
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted . 
play their roles with vibrant charm 
a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that 
nervous 
the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson 
shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper 
used my two hours better watching 
with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies 
with strange and wonderful creatures 
a bilingual charmer , 
is the piece works brilliantly 
low , very low , 
have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 
the scorpion king more than ably 
a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine . 
hopelessly juvenile 
laden with plenty of baggage 
in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense 
one of the most incoherent 
... the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with . 
is so rich with period minutiae 
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance . 
e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 
takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel . 
, contemplative , and sublimely beautiful . 
considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 
a captivating drama 
hokum but 
no palpable chemistry 
will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . 
joyous occasion 
its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing 
slap me 
striking style 
transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision 
only so much baked cardboard 
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting 
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries 
thought out 
is negated 
been better 
suspect it might deliver again and again 
taken seriously 
the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him . 
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , 
earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones 
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny . 
with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 
goofy way 
make a huge action sequence as any director 
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood . 
about one of cinema 's directorial giants 
charming in comedies like american pie 
a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric ` scream . ' 
has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 
's that painful . 
precious than perspicacious 
is meaningless , vapid and devoid 
a tragic love story 
its empty head 
dismissed as mindless 
the sick sense 
not a trace of humanity or empathy 
for a satisfying evening at the multiplex 
submerged here , 
brings a beguiling freshness 
in an inarticulate screenplay 
the feeble examples 
the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 
sharper , cleaner 
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart . 
disturbingly 
movies about angels 
do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role . 
star-power potential 
makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult 
shared by the nation at their sacrifice . 
gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry 
rhetoric and cliché 
her third feature will be something to behold 
more enjoyable than its predecessor 
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , 
like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while 
laziest 
, reflective and beautifully 
is n't heated properly , so that it ends up 
of how sandler is losing his touch 
works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely . 
their own brightly colored dreams 
slickly 
i admire 
incompetent 
like kubrick , soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . 
beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing 
my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe . 
the structure is simple , but 
charmless witch 
unpredictable character 
as sharp as the original 
is an uncompromising film . 
its economical 
the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 
but dull and ankle-deep ` epic 
had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama 
extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles 
as he creates 
predictably efficient piece 
offbeat sensibilities 
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten 
film buzz and whir 
interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience 
a well-crafted letdown . 
dumb and 
, obnoxious 
easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and 
the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears 
in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem 
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books 
daft by half ... 
however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 
all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another 
sumptuous work 
with a series of riveting set pieces 
years and years of costly analysis could never fix 
whenever you think you 've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . 
deviant behavior 
complicated plotting and banal dialogue 
a collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films . 
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women . 
a very old-school kind 
high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie 
thoroughly involving 
a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie 
execution and skill 
fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting 
to our basest desires 
, and funny 
rodan is out of his league 
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty . 
's that painful 
hélène angel is definitely a director to watch . 
a triumph , 
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard . 
another day of brit cinema 
dumb and cheesy 
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations . 
dream 
a film of freshness , imagination and insight 
stakes out the emotional heart of happy 
, well-crafted psychological study 
cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set 
adult movies 
it drags during its 112-minute length 
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard . 
of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design 
anything but frustrating , 
than to show us a good time 
a low rate annie 
set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york 
feel the love 
an actual story 
is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine 
, no matter how degraded things get . 
steamy 
is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan . 
the most impressive player 
is the film roman polanski may have been born to make . 
xxx is a blast of adrenalin , 
it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time 
conned 
stereotypical caretakers 
funny situations and honest observations 
for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment 
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and 
the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role 
satisfactory overview 
worthy 
humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him 
have . 
of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 
tradition and warmth 
into the complexities of the middle east struggle and 
wonderfully warm 
about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . 
the film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth . 
an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice 
an enormous feeling 
grace and panache 
exhausted 
still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . 
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling . 
silly but strangely believable 
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more 
bad to be good 
determination to inject farcical raunch 
is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story 
quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time 
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and 
for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots 
most ingenious 
elizabeth hurley 's 
's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring . 
a very good ( but not great ) movie 
enjoy its own transparency 
it is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style . 
flawed humanity 
, confused , and totally disorientated 
all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams . 
a good thriller . 
unique and entertaining twist 
a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer 
from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written 
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst 
( headbanger ) 
lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow 
del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . 
a pathetically 
but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half 
have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen 
an obvious copy 
a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project 
a classic 
every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . 
for the better 
intelligent jazz-playing exterminator 
dismally dull sci-fi comedy . 
characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 
you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one 
its weaknesses 
manages to accomplish what few sequels can 
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... 
that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters 
chicanery and self-delusion 
too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece 
tosca 's intoxicating ardor 
's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . 
wonderous 
in the present 
's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen 
being insightful 
convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking 
as graceful 
to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival 
mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . 
although i did n't hate this one 
the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism . 
, here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . 
glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . 
a flawed but engrossing thriller 
a depressing experience 
tanks . 
that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame 
the sleekness of the film 's present 
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise . 
a revealing look 
works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller 
a classic theater piece 
so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident 
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie . 
through crap like this 
downright movie penance 
a sturdiness and solidity 
the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons 
allows the mind to enter and accept another world 
imagine acting that could be any flatter 
is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value 
burning , blasting , stabbing 
it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience . 
where the film ultimately fails 
no affinity 
they are having so much fun 
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , 
to ignite sparks 
tediously exasperating 
than julie taymor 's preposterous titus 
, sweet , and intermittently hilarious 
has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over 
that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time 
i 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment . 
costner 's 
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and 
obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment . 
successfully 
surrealistic 
an artistry that also smacks of revelation 
dismiss -- moody 
the trap of the maudlin or tearful 
is compelling enough , 
extant stardom 
despite auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . 
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , 
a sweet , tender sermon 
accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film 
ill-conceived and expensive 
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an orc from a uruk-hai . 
lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . 
enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension 
it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women . 
return to never land is reliable 
elegantly produced 
, hélène angel is definitely a director to watch . 
a child 's interest and 
tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span . 
there 's a lot of tooth in roger dodger . 
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score 
loaded with good intentions 
we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 
the true impact of the day 
like the best 60 minutes exposé , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . 
'' has-been 
poor hermocrates and leontine 
of character-driven storytelling 
this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings 
quickly forgettable 
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper 
jacquot preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera . 
an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe 
takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time 
`` besotted '' is misbegotten 
wise and knowing 
is one only a true believer could relish . 
's very beavis and butthead , 
genuinely sweet 
slight but 
classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains 
the movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster . 
need agile performers 
monsoon wedding 
one of the funnier movies 
the worst sense 
to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song 
deep intelligence 
to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject 
plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 
it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . 
without any redeeming value whatsoever . 
is not handled well 
cheered 
jealous 
the santa clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry . 
takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it 
normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad 
is a whole lot of nada . 
a powerful drama 
is always watchable 
different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 
of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic 
losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis 
the very hollowness of the character he plays 
too weak 
are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed . 
pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference 
nonsense machine 
seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense 
's the very definition of epic adventure . 
the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it 's far too sentimental . 
the problem with the bread , my sweet 
favorite musical 
've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world 
its disgusting source material 
ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic 
spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion 
the most horrific movie experience i 've had since `` ca n't stop the music . '' 
who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces 
it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience 
solid family fun 
watch on video at home 
tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen . 
seem goofy rather than provocative 
really is enormously good fun . 
solemn pretension 
and con , for adults 
a lovely , sad dance 
super-simple animation 
can only be described as sci-fi generic 
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance . 
the powerful 
be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls 
the film is a pleasant enough dish . 
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but 
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . 
breathe life into this somewhat tired premise 
though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . 
the jokes are sophomoric 
influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 
overproduced piece 
be patient with the lovely hush ! 
beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . 
slight but enjoyable documentary . 
the recording sessions are intriguing , 
intelligent observations 
most delightful moments 
since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth 
a flat script and a low budget 
gradually accumulates more layers 
unrelentingly grim 
is a mess from start to finish 
unusually crafty and intelligent 
a kingdom 
accused of being a bit undisciplined 
of inept filmmaking 
the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version 
the characters are paper thin and 
crude to serve the work especially well 
weak and strong 
paints an absurdly simplistic picture . 
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired . 
serious critique 
terrorist attacks 
the dullest tangents 
the worst possibilities of mankind 
ruthlessly pained 
the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless 
and immature character 
exceedingly 
draws its considerable power 
well-put-together piece 
than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 
a nice , harmless date film 
deeply touched by this movie 
an elegant work , 
in that are generally not heard on television 
i could just skip it 
is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 
a smartly directed , grown-up film 
find it diverting 
all awkward , static 
emphasizes the computer and the cool 
win you over , 
standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added . 
an angel simplicity 
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity 
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , 
generic drama 
do n't understand what on earth is going on 
offers opportunities for occasional smiles and 
unexpected ways , touching 
very believable 
concentration 
are undeniably touched 
immaculate 
this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty . 
's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary 
as a ghost story gone badly awry 
directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men 
represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director 
, rain is the far superior film . 
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely 
the unsalvageability 
is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . 
, serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm . 
about 25 minutes of decent material 
is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children 
, e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick 
, soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . 
shining performance 
overexposed waste 
the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 
that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable 
derivative , overlong , and bombastic 
are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid 
one oscar nomination 
as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 
pleasuring its audience 
laugh-out-loud lines 
grade 
almost saccharine domestic interludes 
no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots 
the actors are simply too good , and 
could fail to respond 
for instance , good things happen to bad people 
consistent embracing humanity 
famed charisma 
boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . 
compelling story to tell 
the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects 
'll love it and 
does n't so much phone in his performance as 
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa . 
into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey 
pokémon 4ever is terrifying 
my eyelids ... getting 
preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor 
insanely stupid 
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny 
is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . 
he needs to pull his head out of his butt 
father cliché 
also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , 
alternately melancholic , hopeful 
because it has a bigger-name cast 
for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . 
somewhat cumbersome 
rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters 
drunken driver 
, you barely realize your mind is being blown . 
one of the best gay love stories 
... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
the crassness 
it 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns . 
an immensely entertaining look 
is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band 
jump cuts , fast editing 
been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 
overused 
might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener 
, but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons 
offended by his lack of faith in his audience 
if that 's not too glorified a term 
a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents 
a rip-off of the matrix 
one terrific score and 
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work . 
churlish 
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but 
's as good 
fabulously 
is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 
dramatically lackluster . 
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery 
feels five hours long 
a lame romantic comedy 
satisfying evening 
raised to a new , self-deprecating level 
that feels dusty and leatherbound 
to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable 
people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it 
moving 
be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning 
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 
a mesmerizing performance 
is a former film editor 
gentle comedy 
letdown . 
, loud , bang-the-drum 
slip into the modern rut of narrative banality 
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before 
, soar . 
, time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 
impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change 
nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 
a pretentious and 
a trifle 
bile 
strongest and 
with serious ideas 
for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . 
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes 
satisfyingly unsettling 
equals the sum of its pretensions . 
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence . 
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares . 
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material . 
well acted by the four primary actors 
keen 
a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people 
offers chills much like those 
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic 
as sexy 
a load of good 
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent . 
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems 
be consigned to the dustbin of history 
blind to the silliness 
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time . 
the film that surprises or delights 
philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest 
features a standout performance by diane lane 
the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . 
appalling 
leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics 
is repulsive and depressing 
, virulent and foul-natured 
maybe he was reading the minds of the audience . 
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh . 
even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there 's something vital about the movie . 
that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it 
fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill 
by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 
an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut 
lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo 
going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about 
have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode 
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it 
it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters . 
photographed with color and depth , and rather a good time . 
it thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice . 
( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense . 
is pretty weary 
kiddie fantasy pablum 
philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron 
just slopped ` em together here 
released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 
give it a boost 
too-spectacular 
feels less 
wo n't be able to look away for a second 
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine 
present an unflinching look 
's splash without the jokes . 
it 's one tough rock . 
crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality 
nearly impossible 
as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious 
glucose sentimentality and 
big time stinker 
ponderous and 
you do n't care who fires the winning shot 
weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . 
compassionately portrayed 
avoid 
rough-hewn vanity project 
where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences 
above most of its ilk 
have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination 
lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat 
bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining 
shoplifts shamelessly 
its engaging simplicity 
lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo . 
once playful and haunting , 
contrived , awkward and 
proves as clear and reliable an authority on that 
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high . 
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along . 
spectacular 
this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars 
incredibly irritating comedy 
the phenomenal , water-born cinematography 
narcissism and self-congratulation 
most unpleasant things 
enormous 
offend everyone 
falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace 
i loved on first sight and , even more important , 
for a touching love story 
astonishingly condescending attitude 
rich , bittersweet israeli documentary 
, hilariously wicked black comedy ... 
mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material 
alas , getting there is not even half the interest . 
high-minded snoozer . 
pleasing 
will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . 
it 's leaden and predictable , and 
her confidence in her material is merited 
independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood 
the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . 
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp . 
better than the phantom menace 
, stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 
little more than a well-mounted history lesson 
of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan 
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse 
's not funny 
, well-developed characters 
for a winning , heartwarming yarn 
its slightly humorous and tender story 
, brisk delight 
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , 
touching , smart and complicated 
a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition 
of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 
will probably be a talky bore . 
their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own 
sharp comedy , 
one of our best actors 
so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 
could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies . 
a compelling story 
there 's plenty to offend everyone ... 
has no point 
a finale that is impenetrable and dull 
out on video before month 's end 
plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family . 
plotless collection of moronic stunts 
the film 's creepy 
because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl 
of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires 
eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done 
's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough . 
love and 
who sometimes defies sympathy 
ultimately satisfies with its moving story 
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances . 
've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before 
pollute the summer movie pool 
, the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . 
, is funny and looks professional . 
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ... 
mixed-up 
generally smart casting 
is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . 
is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage . 
philosophical 
celebrates 
of the victorious revolutionaries 
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child 
ingenious and often 
, overblown enterprise 
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances . 
a good deal funnier than his original 
a miraculous movie , i 'm going home is so slight , 
of abuse 
charismatic jackie chan 
adrenalized 
the artistry of making a film 
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out 
is still very much worth seeing 
so many talented people were convinced to waste their time 
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be . 
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- 
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing . 
a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors 
to laugh at how bad 
it 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room . 
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats 
lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery . 
this rather unfocused 
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus 
looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer . 
there 's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin . 
, twisted , brilliant and macabre 
washington demands and receives excellent performances 
is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture 
a visual delight and 
logical , unforced continuation 
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . 
rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ... 
futility 
of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film 
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision . 
the enterprise 
lacking in charm and charisma 
awesome 
easy film 
, preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 
be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 
appreciates the art 
it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 
if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 
... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family . 
finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice 
is ) a fascinating character 
is genuinely inspirational 
, mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . 
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time 
it 's better than the phantom menace . 
has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 
conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 
into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim 
flows as naturally 
is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 
of adolescent violence 
're at the right film 
a family film 
we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society 
at cheapening it 
have lost the ability to think 
a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out 
affirm 
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed 
nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . ' 
crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and 
not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original 
a bump on the head 
noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us 
undeniable energy 
recycled more times than i 'd care to count 
it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken 
more of a poetic than a strict reality , 
with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film 
the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth 
understands the grandness of romance 
one of them 
to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one 
this film biggest problem ? 
works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . 
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , 
yet , it must be admitted 
punching up the mix 
playful paranoia 
the annoyance of that chatty fish 
the hardy spirit 
more contemptuous of the single female population 
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality . 
, you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down 
strangely sinister happy ending 
, provocative 
downright silly 
coming apart at its seams 
the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and 
modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare . 
a bright future ahead of him 
degraded things 
( and funnier 
captures the wonders and worries of childhood 
sadly 
gloriously goofy way 
period-perfect 
the film its flaws 
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . 
to great artistic significance 
, irredeemably awful . 
while there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor . 
a tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with . 
one of those all-star reunions 
, the film becomes predictably conventional . 
liberating ability 
miserable 
in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute 
the painstaking 
more focused 
an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned 
a beautiful film , 
an intoxicating show 
sloppily written 
all its strange quirks 
improved upon the first 
looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 
romantic comedy 
offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor 
check this one out 
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix . 
the problem with `` xxx '' 
the writing is clever 
humanity 's greatest shame 
frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . 
celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music 
may pander to our basest desires for payback 
works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful 
pointless meditation 
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth 
as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness . 
the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen . 
skeeved out that they 'd need a shower 
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 
juvenile delinquent 
the unsettled tenor 
handsome widescreen photography 
it 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties . 
glib but 
amazing breakthrough 
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously . 
still seems timely and important . 
the most beautiful , evocative works 
epic cinema 
`` the good girl '' a film worth watching 
his ninth decade 
been lost in the mail 
is twice as bestial but half as funny . 
conceivable 
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality 
inspired '' was a lot funnier 
nothing original 
funny no-brainer 
left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 
arcane area 
zippy jazzy score 
absolutely unnecessary 
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory ... 
ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour 
the same mistake as the music industry 
a slow death 
makes a wonderful subject for the camera 
movie directionless 
a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor 
of irreparable damage 
the satire is weak . 
who possibly will enjoy it 
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through . 
a cold blanket 
creatively stillborn 
designed strictly for children 's home video , 
's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack 
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds . 
to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience 
does best 
could easily wait for your pay per view dollar 
takes no apparent joy 
a movie to forget 
also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won . 
a delightfully dour , deadpan tone 
a sour taste in your mouth 
deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip 
puerile 
undeniably hard 
it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film . 
the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 
all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity 
delivers a surprising 
the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack 
fascinating curiosity piece 
funny , triumphant , 
makes a wonderful subject for the camera . 
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop 
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and 
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood . 
transcendence 
walk to remember a niche hit 
silly-looking morlocks 
providing an experience that is richer than anticipated 
dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of 
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head 
never quite 
stop-and-start pacing 
dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement 
no denying the power of polanski 's film 
with a certain degree of wit and dignity 
cookie-cutter action scenes 
in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction 
films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain 
, '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . '' 
by that measure , it is a failure . 
conventional but heartwarming tale 
an honesty and dignity 
the climactic burst of violence 
undeniable entertainment value 
, the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . 
beats new life 
wholly believable and heart-wrenching 
an unwieldy cast 
just such a dungpile 
wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers 
mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain 
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works 
it 's all arty and jazzy 
an intense indoor drama 
could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron 
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché 
a good video game movie 
is notable for its sheer audacity and openness 
well-shaped dramas 
is forgettable 
virtuosity 
believe that resident evil is not it 
value can not be denied 
where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits 
loopy and 
predisposed to like it 
stupid 
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and 
ourside the theater roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with 
the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt 
a genuine love story , 
terrific special effects and 
frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women . 
emotional gravity 
eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . 
most complex , generous and subversive artworks 
the thousands of americans who die hideously 
the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing 
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you 
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen . 
hopkins looks like a drag queen 
about something is an amicable endeavor . 
's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect . 
is in his element 
his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him 
is tuned in to its community 
a black hole of dullness 
its uncanny tale 
might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 
worth the price of admission 
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , 
hard , endearing , caring , 
to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure 
such a fine idea 
soft-porn 'em powerment 
delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information . 
the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters 
a concept doofus 
seagal 
could rent the original and get the same love story and parable 
cheerfully 
allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier 
offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people 
worst -- and only -- 
think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british 
despite auteuil 's performance 
even better than the first one ! 
of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill 
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 
steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 
bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** 
direct-to-video/dvd category 
looks like a drag queen 
inspired humor 
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and 
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . 
works the way a good noir should 
ca n't rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing . 
deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . 
is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew . 
, smartly played and smartly directed . 
a terrific date movie 
it 's loud and boring 
no reason to watch 
suspenseful enough 
an objective documentary 
much credit 
the bad guys 
a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding 
unhappy situation 
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic . 
fairly ludicrous 
's just that it 's so not-at-all-good 
inconclusive ending 
junkie 
just the right tone 
who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting 
a luis buñuel film 
be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares 
's well worth spending some time with 
shtick 
it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point 
substance and soul 
`` barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . 
of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen 
dishonest and 
annoyed me most about god is great 
it 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . 
to spare wildlife 
useless actioners 
morvern rocks . 
denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 
most politically audacious 
uncertain 
better video-game-based 
dazzling dream 
scrutinize 
audacity 
malcolm mcdowell is cool . 
has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ... 
first place 
is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul 
a rejected x-files episode 
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . 
as john ritter 's glory days 
with sensitivity and skill 
the condition of art 
clever ways 
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer . 
delightfully so 
's a minor treat 
giddy viewing 
a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent 
's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage 
going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 
multilayered 
give you enough to feel good about 
strong voices 
memorable and 
wry observations 
the film never feels derivative 
about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics 
going for that pg-13 rating 
enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating 
then just fell apart 
with guardian hack nick davies 
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty 
the pungent bite 
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and 
compelling 
like a cold old man going through the motions . 
to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest 
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , 
that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness 
under-inspired 
a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy 
a fascinating curiosity piece -- 
incoherence reigns . 
confidence 
prominent 
being neither 
symbolic graphic design 
both heartbreaking and heartwarming 
bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action 
both the beauty 
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten . 
there 's plenty to impress about e.t. 
an infectious enthusiasm 
also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl 
pretty weary 
a solid cast 
interesting work 
a more measured or polished production ever could 
it should be poignant 
an intelligent and deeply 
the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . 
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing 
does a solid job 
any of these despicable characters 
it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem 
of love that strikes a very resonant chord 
equally great robin williams performance 
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is . 
it was worth your seven bucks 
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity 
an infinitely wittier version 
at its best moments 
an earnest moment 
its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves 
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story . 
it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . 
a mournful undercurrent 
is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects 
poignant and funny 
to put up with 146 minutes of it 
while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit 
like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening . 
unabashed sweetness 
stages his gags 
, storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . 
corporate circus 
laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor 
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it 
is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 
does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly 
of this tacky nonsense 
make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous 
, the characters move with grace and panache 
creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances . 
hate it 
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be . 
the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man 's quest to find an old flame . 
most intelligent viewers 
bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary 
makes it a comic book with soul 
ruined 
is definitely worth 
such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 
people have lost the ability to think 
`` ambitious failure 
skillful 
made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll 
colorful , semimusical 
beyond-lame 
those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them . 
rarely work in movies now 
steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious 
a grand picture 
new best friend '' 
, why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? 
, the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned . 
misconceived final 5 
cold light 
are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp 
a stultifyingly obvious one 
shows excess in business and pleasure 
shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them 
history in perspective 
be bad 
pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society 
funny feast 
achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions 
entertaining 
you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz 
love the film 
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five . 
a plodding teen remake 
of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale 
an enthralling aesthetic experience , 
more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- 
lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all . 
stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill 
collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush . 
live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it 
can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 
russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement 
spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion 
both shrill and soporific , and because everything 
's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 
an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter 
emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing 
, you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . 
is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 
as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus 
's needed so badly but what is virtually absent 
creepiest conventions 
make for some robust and scary entertainment . 
a haunted house , 
by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company 
will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act 
sit through , enjoy on a certain level 
told , with superb performances throughout 
the love 
of soft-core twaddle 
mush 
, the country bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio . 
good films 
but unfortunately also 
, repetitive and ragged 
able to look ahead and resist living in a past 
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls . 
that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen 
embraced 
a good chance 
delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers 
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different 
ca n't help but engage an audience 
is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it 
once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends 
even gritty enough 
is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one 
cultivation 
pure over-the-top trash 
a sloppy , amusing comedy 
's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe 
pile too many `` serious issues '' 
with star power , a pop-induced score 
watch , giggle and 
come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free 
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work . 
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , 
ultimately very satisfying 
catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 
, his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . 
is pure , exciting moviemaking . 
well-paced 
( taymor ) utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . 
of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live 
a gem of a movie . 
to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing 
mordantly funny and 
tries too hard 
a powerful entity 
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but 
to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion 
fantastically vital 
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension . 
's nowhere near as good as the original 
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck . 
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect . 
covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . 
are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery . 
of surprises 
old 
with its love of life and beauty 
survives intact in bv 's re-voiced version . 
of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore 
surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait . 
the product 
simple misfire 
, interest can not be revived . 
but not great ) 
suspenseful spin 
purposeless 
liked it just enough . 
a perfect performance 
its emotional power and moments of revelation 
sillier , cuter , and 
the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks 
smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like 
a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie 
pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences 
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump 
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it 
take movies by storm 
have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags 
highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style 
meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 
painful lie 
have at it 
seems to enjoy its own transparency 
of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games 
nearly as dreadful as expected 
pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming 
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable 
fascinating psychological fare 
all the stomach-turning violence 
is a fascinating film 
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent 
( carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark 
, his most personal work yet . 
nonsensical and laughable 
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' 
sympathizing with terrorist motivations 
make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment 
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy . 
no aspirations 
obnoxious comedy 
moron 
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but 
warm and exotic 
though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament . 
chimes in on the grieving process and 
manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them 
for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains 
so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 
with alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music 
a skyscraper 
a sense of wonder 
kiddie entertainment , 
that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life 
, the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . 
is an ` action film ' mired in stasis 
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . 
gifted 
its own pretentious self-examination 
that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept 
frightful vanity film 
can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 
the astute direction of cardoso 
a handful of smart jokes 
which somehow snagged an oscar nomination 
failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs 
he respects the material without sentimentalizing it 
skunk 
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and 
the hallmarks 
between two gifted performers 
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , 
middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics 
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j. wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time . 
he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie 
a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza 
largely improvised 
the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie 
lacks dramatic punch and depth 
an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal . 
the last 15 minutes 
literate material 
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor 
proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that 
overall the halloween series has lost its edge 
hell-jaunt 
is in a class by itself 
of this emotional car-wreck 
that is masterly 
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family . 
profoundly 
upsetting and thought-provoking 
are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 
raunch 
, the film works as well as it does because of the performances . 
a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten 
some corny television 
a light-hearted way 
is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals . 
dancing 
is handsome 
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations 
a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion 
provocative drama 
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s 
you exit the theater 
is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit . 
balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other 
according to the script , grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other . 
comes 
it looks good , 
a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining 
an unforgettable 
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely 
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys 
remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films 
, worse yet , nonexistent -- 
is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable 
suffering 
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . 
leaves blue crush waterlogged 
we have no idea what in creation is going on 
its committed dumbness 
's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . 
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions 
unlike 
stylish thriller . 
charisma 
though jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees . 
of the cinema world 's great visual stylists 
hong kong master john woo 
thrill you , 
of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness 
say you were n't warned 
there 's nothing exactly wrong here , but 
are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances 
drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another 
as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism 
most creative , energetic and original 
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . 
... has a pleasing way with a metaphor . 
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective 
it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions 
reaffirms life 
94-minute travesty 
, charming and quirky 
to classify as it is hard to resist 
the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . 
cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . ' 
the hilarious writer-director himself 
nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving 
the journey is such a mesmerizing one 
succeeded 
on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 
a sentimental mess that never 
's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . 
sometimes murky 
because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 
that 's the mark of a documentary that works 
gay porn film 
manages sweetness largely without stickiness 
loses its fire 
infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart . 
critically insightful 
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject . 
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at . 
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 . 
a strong sense of humanism 
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . '' 
this film is part of that delicate canon 
is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his 
the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ... 
with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction 
great 
its luckiest viewers 
allows americans to finally revel in its splendor 
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- 
're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins 
shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action 
a series of relentlessly nasty situations 
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars . 
shaking your head all the way to the credits 
psychologically savvy . 
been slimed in the name of high art 
deadpan cool , wry humor 
) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all 
( gosling 's ) combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence 
liar 
here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time 
an intoxicating experience . 
ecstasy 
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . 
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ... 
that surprises or delights 
's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure . 
the redeeming feature of chan 's films 
its recycled aspects , implausibility , 
's really unclear 
jeffrey tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy . 
so vivid a portrait 
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . 
us is a minor miracle 
it 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo . 
assured and stylish 
, the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 
profanity and violence 
exudes the urbane sweetness 
high-spirited buddy movie 
's too much syrup and not enough fizz 
comes off as insultingly simplistic 
to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories 
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident . 
to behold in its sparkling beauty 
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep . 
she boxes these women 's souls right open for us . 
so aggressively anti-erotic 
the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . 
, i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful . 
is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon 
mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time 
( t ) oo many of these gross out scenes ... 
more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn 
precious and finely cut diamond 
sumptuous ocean visuals and 
corny conventions 
there 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent 
to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time 
to call this film a lump of coal 
's a masterpiece . 
, this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen . 
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull 
brash , intelligent 
the holocaust 
work of extraordinary journalism 
moments of genuine insight into the urban heart 
a lingering creepiness one 
most audacious , 
a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior 
petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and 
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 
if it is generally amusing from time to time 
might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 
sweet , 
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome . 
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow 
is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated 
hot-button items 
marking the slow , lingering death of imagination 
the stunt-hungry dimwits 
unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive 
founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women 
's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten 
supernatural thriller 
( fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall ) show us the world they love and make 
stitch 
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes 
the cliché-laden screenplay 
martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere 
high-concept 
go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike 
thrill you , touch you and make you 
aimless , arduous , and 
sending the audience straight to hell 
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party . 
pity 
this little $ 1.8 million charmer , 
something of a stiff 
finesse 
every painful nuance , 
too-frosty exterior 
a pasolini film without passion or politics 
is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs 
racist humor 
a longtime tolkien fan 
's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break 
who play their roles with vibrant charm 
dramatically satisfying heroine 
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing 
a way that few movies have ever approached 
a morbid one 
tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 
shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes 
funny and light 
forcing 
will wind up as glum as mr. de niro . 
is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does 
the real horror may be waiting for us at home 
the best part about `` gangs '' was daniel day-lewis . 
giving up 
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications . 
own placid way 
empty , fetishistic violence 
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged 
fumbled 
an enjoyable level of ridiculousness 
but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert . 
considerable aplomb 
freaks 
's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships . 
is pure punk existentialism 
the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults . 
and thought-provoking film 
than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series 
but the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences 
benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness 
, then you 'll enjoy the hot chick . 
become a major-league leading lady 
's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves 
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart . 
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times 
) homage 
an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation . 
spirit is a visual treat , and 
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears 
fresh view 
has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested . 
that makes his films so memorable 
's there to scare while we delight in the images 
we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic 
aimless for much of its running time , 
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult . 
other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time 
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life 
flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 
stifles creativity and 
a tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways . 
the crap continues . 
gets us 
sincere and artful 
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . 
a fun ride . 
slapstick sequences 
enigma is well-made , 
fine production 
describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 
, there is little else to recommend `` never again . '' 
proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies . 
is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . 
about existential suffering 
so that the human story is pushed to one side 
labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 
improvised on a day-to-day basis during production 
overdoing 
our eyes 
with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness 
folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either 
a negligible british comedy . 
bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company 
good poetry 
provided his own broadside 
the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ? 
forgettable effort 
mindless pace 
without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing 
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but 
tasty morsels 
as good , if not 
is so slight 
success 
not a bad way to spend an hour or two 
you barely realize your mind is being blown . 
offbeat humor , amusing characters , 
contrived , unmotivated , 
you 're not merely watching history 
the self-destructiveness of many young people 
's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime . 
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but 
nasty aftertaste 
from japan 
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch 
about either the nature of women or 
have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film 
sad to say 
, painful , obnoxious 
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time 
all ca n't stand 
rising above similar fare 
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless 
a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine . 
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release 
, tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . 
's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison . 
a funny and well-contructed black comedy 
a good race 
some of this laughable dialogue 
is top-notch 
the bad reviews 
still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema 
of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture 
especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera 
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer . 
low-brow humor 
insane comic 
nice album 
delivering in good measure 
do justice to the awfulness of the movie 
is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . 
since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 
tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot 
an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones 
watching war photographer , you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals . 
will warm your heart 
dramatic impact 
wars 
disappointingly 
the always hilarious meara and 
the storytelling and 
end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards 
pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons 
her inventive director 
challenging or depressing 
, you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . 
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing . 
it 's not only dull because we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed . 
felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 
is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . 
berling and béart ... continue to impress 
it 's a loathsome movie , 
, peculiar and always entertaining costume drama 
disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision 
style and humor 
( while the last metro ) was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history . 
of bland comfort food 
is never able to pull it back on course . 
delivered with such conviction 
's so tedious 
despite besson 's high-profile name being wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone . 
come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated . 
feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo 
gorgeous visuals 
is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period . 
, in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is 
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy 
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse 
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless 
special walk 
life and small delights 
's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters 
's brilliant ` 
instantly forgettable and 
does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us 
'' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff 
is careless and unfocused . 
depict the french revolution 
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . 
grab us 
terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project 
something more beautiful than either of those films 
subtle ironies 
enjoy the hot chick 
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance 
fascinating , dark thriller 
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , 
chillingly effective 
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm . 
by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , 
a nice coffee table book 
should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn 
the most surprising thing 
a very entertaining , thought-provoking film 
what enlivens this film 
a masterpiece 
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming . 
is a step down 
a tasteful , intelligent manner 
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given . 
thumbs down . 
bargain-basement 
a bad sitcom 
parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast 
the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be 
smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still 
devote time to see it 
bratty for sympathy 
the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept 
rugrats 
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life 
that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people 
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . 
nerds 
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy 
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs 
with notorious c.h.o. cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . 
sit in neutral 
fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 
the first mistake , i suspect , 
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it 
unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire . 
introspective and entertaining 
has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood 
this funny film 
chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . ' 
suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . 
is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries 
amicable 
it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it 
heaven is one such beast 
the filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment . 
a suspenseful horror movie 
's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties 
just does n't figure in the present hollywood program . 
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch 
where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves 
a manically generous christmas vaudeville . 
bad sign 
familiar , funny 
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism 
this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts 
fails on so many levels 
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay . 
racism and homophobia 
human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart . 
peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids 
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base 
steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 
perform entertaining tricks 
truly gorgeous 
without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision 
do no wrong with jason x. 
's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant . 
radical '' or `` suck '' 
an inexplicable nightmare , 
to shock and amaze 
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , 
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic 
be occupied for 72 minutes 
a sharp and quick documentary 
no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror 
an overstylized , puréed mélange 
visceral sensation 
goes downhill 
choppy , overlong documentary about ` the lifestyle . ' 
adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film 
a mediocre movie trying to get out 
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible 
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 've ever seen . 
beyond all expectation 
worst -- and only -- killer website movie 
narrative and ( too ) short 
emotionally strong and politically potent piece 
the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking 
self-indulgent 
remarkable and memorable 
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time . 
morality , family 
of heartfelt performances 
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , 
you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . 
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , 
intriguing characters 
intricate plot 
a gripping documentary that 
from the incongruous but chemically 
fairy-tale conclusion 
to intolerable levels 
a breakthrough 
is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies 
few early laughs 
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real 
right direction 
was vile enough 
wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination 
an auspicious feature debut 
this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events 
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity 
performance - ahem 
carries a charge of genuine excitement 
is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow . 
entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch 
no energy 
is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together 
camaraderie 
stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore . 
has been overexposed , 
kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book 
a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film 
be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film 
reminds us of our own responsibility 
the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form 
a preposterous , prurient whodunit 
more confident 
the director at his most sparkling 
with enjoyable ease 
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller 
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout . 
this rich 
its critical backlash 
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , 
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in . 
be a bit disjointed 
're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger 
could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker 
will have a barrie good time 
audacity and 
full , chilling advantage 
a mesmerizing one 
the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time 
works as pretty contagious fun 
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n't 
is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , 
's funny . 
cheapen the overall effect 
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 
that should be used to burn every print of the film 
engaging simplicity 
we get the comedy we settle for . 
dumb comedy 
reassures 
a very good viewing alternative 
stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ? 
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst . 
a cliché left 
most sincere and artful 
any way demeaning its subjects 
may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 
a solid cast , 
italian freakshow 
of naiveté and sophistication 
just is n't as weird as it ought to be . 
's easy to like and 
imaginative and 
rocks 
of menacing atmosphere 
disappointment 
that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it 
-- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight . 
garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . ' 
is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation 
the narration helps little 
it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 
leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an 
pervasive 
insult 
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , 
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film 
if it belongs on the big screen 
absorbing characters 
a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front 
that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 
pompous 
the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities 
some of the camera work is interesting 
being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing 
with spike lee 's masterful 
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , 
will be well worth your time 
suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing 
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground . 
is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack 
goes for sick and demented humor simply 
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family . 
is tuned in to its community . 
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare . 
that offers no easy , comfortable resolution 
few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . 
as tricky and satisfying as any of david 
bloody 
understatement 
loyalty 
leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature 
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term . 
the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do 
live in denial about 
those terrific documentaries 
in reality it 's one tough rock . 
wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character 
grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue . 
in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess . 
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , 
is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie 
devoted to the insanity of black 
fathom 
maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in 
subtle ironies and visual devices 
he 's just adjusting 
after ( seagal 's ) earlier copycat under siege 
, moving , and adventurous directorial debut 
that even its target audience talked all the way through it . 
yarns ever 
tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel 
even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits 
of a mixed bag , with enough negatives 
now we 've got something pretty damn close 
created a beautiful canvas 
is little else to recommend `` never again . '' 
'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds 
sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry 
that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness 
an impressive roster 
sympathizing 
feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life 
too many characters saying too many clever things and 
unsympathetic 
a vivid imagination and an impressive style 
polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way 
takes a hat-in-hand approach 
dated and unfunny 
into the `` a '' range , as is 
disgracefully 
i fear 
scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm 
updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
artificial suspense 
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny . 
, the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 
a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . 
i just did n't care 
, some of it is honestly affecting 
the desperation of a very insecure man 
actually make a pretty good team 
one of the best films 
unsung heroes 
steals so freely from other movies 
grand locations 
ace ventura ' rip-off 
humorous 
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , 
agreeably 
becoming a christmas perennial 
has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have 
's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing 
despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . ' 
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy 
retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him 
the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before 
like a great missed opportunity 
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring . 
wonderful fencing scenes and 
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ... 
could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films . 
are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time 
this u-boat does n't have a captain . 
fairly harmless 
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction 
the remarkable ensemble cast 
be cutting-edge indie filmmaking 
stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter 
the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork 
deeply pessimistic or 
ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . 
again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone 
silly rather than plausible 
a smart , nuanced look at de sade 
is corcuera 's attention to detail . 
the distance 
acceptable , 
strives to be more , but does n't quite get there . 
is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished . 
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries 
a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind . 
( tries ) to parody 
talked all the way through it 
, and yet at the end 
brutal and 
sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll 
its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter 
the teeny-bopper set 
obvious as telling a country skunk 
flimsy 
seeing things from new sides 
guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . 
that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 
them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world 
solid 
than the very sluggish pace 
it 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary . 
marshall keeps the energy humming , 
's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ? 
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise . 
subjugate truth 
as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters 
a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 
like a drunken driver 
suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected . 
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity . 
passionately 
of impact and moments 
a surprisingly funny movie 
, this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . 
rousing 
a powerful sequel 
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor 
bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story 
frank capra played this story straight . 
a bit exploitative 
that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing 
is supposed to be madcap farce . 
zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film 
purpose 
this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 
excellent sequel . 
piss on trees , b.s. one another 
's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting 
rampant adultery 
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her . 
's too loud 
lots of sloppiness 
randall wallace 
pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys 
campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution . 
, there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . 
wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time 
baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity . 
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , 
in trouble every day 
until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism 
of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live 
, tasteless and idiotic 
extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . 
for everyone 
eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights 
brushes 
even more ludicrous 
more simply intrusive to the story 
never inspires more than an interested detachment . 
brilliantly 
innocent , 
as both shallow and dim-witted 
stuffy and pretentious 
ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 
heartfelt 
winning family story 
are strong 
they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either 
a vibrant and intoxicating fashion 
by turns very dark and very funny . 
cathartic 
thoughtfulness 
fresh , sometimes funny , 
movie rapes 
( f ) rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 
is n't much fun 
it 'll only put you to sleep . 
laughably unconvincing 
of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies 
than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates 
unforced continuation 
is a hilarious adventure 
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood . 
however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 
the feat with aplomb 
mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself 
it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject 
charming , banter-filled comedy 
struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious 
hitting below the belt 
phlegmatic bore 
the best of both worlds 
, ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . 
of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time 
stiflingly 
may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 
under its own thinness 
provide any conflict 
audacity and openness 
fine actors 
from a groundbreaking endeavor 
soft-porn 
finally seem so impersonal or even shallow 
elegant wit and artifice 
the tale commands attention . 
a long patch of black ice 
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips 
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity . 
is often exquisite 
generates little narrative momentum 
so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama 
not very absorbing characters 
it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness . 
fumbles the vital action sequences 
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny 
with calamity 
eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension 
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence 
protect your community 
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end 
kind , unapologetic , sweetheart 
refuses to spell things out for viewers 
it will be , 
sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys . 
in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago 
interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions 
is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar 
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and 
of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 
much colorful 
render it anything but laughable 
asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth . 
deft sense 
empowerment movie 
pacino is the best he 's been in years 
manipulative and as bland 
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory 
benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth 
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense . 
calculating fiend 
of a valentine sealed with a kiss 
it 's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes 
equilibrium becomes a concept doofus 
infidelity 
an authentic feel 
slopped 
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but 
, barbershop is tuned in to its community . 
graceless and devoid 
construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis 
its poignancy hooks us completely 
will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits . 
described as sci-fi generic 
falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer 
this obscenely bad dark comedy , 
has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half . ' 
too eager to please 
fuel our best achievements and other times 
an elegant visual sense and 
's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt 
spain 's greatest star wattage 
it 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances 
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them . 
has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers 
eventually becomes too heavy for the plot . 
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : 
subtle and richly 
the obnoxious special effects , 
that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 
, life-affirming moments 
a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation 
keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . 
delicious and delicately 
( sometimes hilarious ) 
infuriating about full frontal 
's brilliant ` videodrome 
is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt . 
a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 
a stylish cast and 
distinguished and 
at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face . 
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago ... 
morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about 
moving and important film 
brainless flibbertigibbet 
uglier 
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even 
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm . 
enough substance 
precious 
sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster 
lecherous 
maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension 
... with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 
of the best and most exciting movies 
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii 
a breadth of vision and 
, it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence 
prickly 
maintains an appealing veneer 
complex and quirky 
it 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more . 
are not to be dismissed . 
they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes 
so prolonged and boring 
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 
that is the central flaw of the film 
the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents . 
is great 
adorably ditsy but 
collateral damage is trash , but 
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , 
to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time 
a surprising , subtle turn 
, you 're too interested to care . 
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending 
more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 
with flabby rolls 
that should please history fans 
a chance to learn , to grow , to travel 
because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 
make up for an unfocused screenplay 
help increase an average student 's self-esteem 
simple pleasures 
funnier 
funnier film 
problem 
stifles creativity 
's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . 
feel good about themselves 
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence . 
comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable 
where its recent predecessor miserably 
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch . 
good than great 
a slick , engrossing melodrama . 
never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad 
wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some 
issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . 
sucks . ' 
... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable . 
because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 
directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism 
unforgettable 
help but engage 
of devito 's misanthropic vision 
an extraordinary poignancy , 
for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent 
reflect 
the dark 
adept 
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place . 
injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 
the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy 
zero 
terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates 
underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community 
feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way 
a fleeting grasp 
's just plain lurid 
a surgeon mends a broken heart 
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , 
the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo 
witty , vibrant , and intelligent . 
tumbleweeds 
motivated by nothing 
quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite 
a fascinating literary mystery story 
weird and distanced 
the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing . 
's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow 
( maybe twice ) 
unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains 
tackling serious themes 
in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react 
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad 
offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else 
well-made pizza 
, the weight of water is oppressively heavy . 
a thriller 
refreshingly clear 
martin is a masterfully conducted work . 
honest insight 
's as crisp and to the point 
the film 's desire to be liked sometimes 
to transcend its clever concept 
stand out 
every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage 
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households . 
the great american comedy 
's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance . 
do n't avert our eyes for a moment 
christian-themed fun 
a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows 
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard . 
they help increase an average student 's self-esteem 
once overly old-fashioned 
approach to the workplace romantic comedy 
an increasingly important film industry 
thornberrys movie 
can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school 
kidman 
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place 
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama 
summery 
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein 
one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and 
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb . 
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 
such a horrible movie 
a rather listless amble down 
most humane and important 
lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject 
a stunningly unoriginal premise 
different than anything that 's been done before 
, he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 
a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : 
would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated 
debts 
evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain 
beautifully filmed 
to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 
sometimes funny 
it 's a scorcher . 
adventurous indian filmmakers 
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie 
that the film never feels derivative 
allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title 
for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time 
disgusting source material 
lumpy as two-day old porridge 
it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 
is brilliant , 
is no substitute for on-screen chemistry 
utterly painful 
uneven but a lot of fun . 
bad improvisation exercise 
descends into sub-tarantino cuteness 
wonder of wonders -- 
most surprising thing 
, the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . 
no real sense of suspense 
will wear thin on all 
lacks the skill or presence 
calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew 
picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film 
appealing leads 
whose pieces do not fit 
flailing around 
pinheads who talk throughout the show 
ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie 
is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 
may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness 
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script 
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote . 
but uninvolving 
pray does n't have a passion for the material . 
wayward wooden one 
awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 
is trite 
mind-destroying 
a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development 
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through 
some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid 
the whole dead-undead genre 
hurts to watch 
it 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie . 
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin . 
she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile 
a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility . 
been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 
in some evocative shades 
madonna 's cameo does n't suck ! 
like a sucker 
laughs and not the last time 
that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever 
out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos 
ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story 
smartly and wistfully 
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious . 
seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little 
go see this delightful comedy 
( davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany 
fall fast asleep 
loose , unaccountable 
it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , 
enjoyable documentary . 
a special kind of movie 
deliver 
( janey ) forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . 
were far more entertaining than i had expected 
educates viewers 
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche . 
, they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 
been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over 
the funniest film 
an inventive , 
gets sillier , not scarier 
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments . 
seem smug and cartoonish 
done his subject justice 
with style 
creates an impeccable sense of place , 
used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way 
when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 
it 's an utterly static picture 
a funny and touching film 
there are great rewards here . 
unbridled delight 
of eager fans 
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 
's just merely very bad 
superb production values & christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot . 
the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures 
role , or edit , or score , or anything , really 
handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly . 
as saccharine movies go 
exit sign 
fighting the same fights 
anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 
rowdy participants 
do n't really care for the candidate 
` stoked 
good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 
that 's neither completely enlightening , 
propelled by the acting 
is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 
makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here 
were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone 
the film 's intimate camera work and searing performances 
nuances 
barely realize your mind is being blown . 
( p ) artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting . 
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing . 
director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard 
twinkly-eyed 
mighty 
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird . 
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers 
every one ( and no one ) 
you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered 
common through-line 
realize your mind is being blown . 
leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated 
an interesting slice of history . 
a fresh , entertaining comedy 
is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . 
masterfully controlled 
as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful 
it an exhilarating 
after decades 
a cruel story 
the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion 
does n't generate a lot of energy . 
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion . 
humorous observations 
actually clicks . 
candid 
unbearably 
have decades of life as a classic movie franchise 
is high on squaddie banter , low 
is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care 
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating 
you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . 
the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences 
, the stories are quietly moving . 
storytelling 
time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness . 
stupid and 
excellent companion piece 
a been-there , done-that sameness 
at once both refreshingly different 
an 88-minute rip-off 
without a glimmer of intelligence or invention 
drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst . 
blasphemous and 
stupid and pointless 
's hard to stop watching 
so appealing about the characters 
barely shocking , barely interesting and most 
star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film 
with unblinking candor 
not good enough 
an ambitious film 
a good deal funnier 
and sickening product placement 
the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy . 
the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 
directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . 
works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh . 
ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another 
cinematic poetry 
audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 
did no one on the set have a sense of humor 
laugh once ( maybe twice ) 
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , 
big , juicy role 
, poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull 
perfect black pearls 
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter . 
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth 
without much interest in the elizabethans 
as a numbingly dull experience 
probe questions of attraction and interdependence 
is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels 
that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming 
martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . 
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . 
absorbing movie 
do n't think this movie loves women at all 
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope . 
loses himself to the film 's circular structure 
is well below expectations . 
you feel good , 
shakespeare 's eloquent language 
virtually joyless 
loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . 
has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 
you might as well be watching it through a telescope 
is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art 
really a thriller so much 
it 's not an easy one to review . 
is a pretty decent little documentary 
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate . 
the surprisingly shoddy makeup work 
witty dialog between realistic characters 
the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense 
made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted 
for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls 
's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction . 
has a monopoly on mindless action 
understandable 
the sweet cinderella story 
so compellingly 
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though 
the little nuances 
despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life 
brings us another masterpiece 
' i feel better already . 
inventive 
to an aimless hodgepodge 
singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece . 
its social and political potential 
graham greene 's novel 
can aspire but none can equal 
the love of family 
ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format 
do the subject matter justice 
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . 
, laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser 
romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale 
other than the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , everything else is top shelf . 
's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 
in welcome perspective 
its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 
a vibrant , colorful world 
has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . 
the lousy lead performances 
it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why 
manage to keep things interesting . 
as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson 
honesty and respect 
balances both traditional or modern stories 
is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation 
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 
amusing 
shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence 
the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow 
a certain sexiness 
understanding of the expressive power of the camera 
nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor . 
armageddon 
, easily substitutable 
is more fun than conan the barbarian 
lots of effort and intelligence are on display 
flirts with propaganda 
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : 
even worse 
sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches 
slice of hitchcockian suspense . 
redundancy 
by sparking debate and encouraging thought 
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency . 
are worse 
offers a desperately ingratiating performance . 
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation 
fairly basic comedic constructs 
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , 
be me : fighting off the urge to doze 
in the same old story 
are just two of the elements that will grab you 
fire a torpedo 
creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . 
be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker 
by drawing me into the picture 
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic 
the universal theme 
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . 
it 's always enthralling . 
but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches 
welcome to collinwood never catches fire . 
borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism 
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports 
of a freshly painted rembrandt 
runs out of steam after a half hour 
juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre 
for improvement 
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency 
abstract approach 
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , 
emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results . 
ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability . 
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining 
's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest 
the israeli/palestinian conflict as 
a pleasant distraction 
the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically 
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational 
triple x is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude 
handled correctly 
made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 
an eerie thriller 
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long 
be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies 
disney 's 1937 breakthrough 
enlightened by any of derrida 's 
mildly interesting 
this film 's impressive performances 
an alluring backdrop 
positive ( if tragic ) note 
a sweet 
smarter and much 
slightly pokey 
born to make 
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary 
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : 
managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan 
have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 
high drama , disney-style 
triumphant , 
apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 
help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation 
... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror . 
just fell apart 
an intimate contemplation 
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged . 
's superficial and unrealized 
this insipid , brutally clueless film 
clumsy cliché 
funny stuff in this movie 
hollywood is sordid and disgusting . 
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in 
's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience 
spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics . 
shooting 
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie . ' 
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing 
it had a sense of humor 
than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 
musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets 
, the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 
destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . 
literary desecrations 
will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea 
alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 
the movie does not do them justice 
poignant 
spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do 
to gravity and plummets 
soggy potboiler 
like one long 
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit 
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book adaptations . 
above-average 
a few are sexy 
, ' it also rocks . 
bold ( and lovely ) experiment 
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness 
is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . 
savory and hilarious 
our sympathies 
i 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . 
the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing 
leaving you 
overplayed and exaggerated 
to think about the ways we consume pop culture 
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags . 
have stayed there 
relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view . 
easily 
a compelling look 
has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life 
's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows . 
that are quite touching 
running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often 
if only merchant paid more attention the story . 
brought something fresher 
at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution 
unrecoverable life 
demeaning 
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast . 
makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing 
quiet , introspective and entertaining 
should have been made for the tube 
is a towering siren . 
are both listless 
altogether darker side 
delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance 
a head-turner 
haneke 's script ( from elfriede jelinek 's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending . 
is a tired one , 
unimaginative comedian 
infectiously 
finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona 
unblinkingly pure as 
talented writer/director anderson 
complex 
a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people . 
which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable 
the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ... 
there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp 
make up for a derivative plot 
so spot on 
, you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . 
astoundingly rich film 
well-meant but unoriginal . 
sometimes is a gem . 
recycling 
eye-catching art direction 
jagger , stoppard and 
with a visually masterful work of quiet power 
from bill plympton , the animation master , 
to find better entertainment 
that frenetic spectacle ( on the tv show ) 
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride . 
unknowable 
a cute partnership 
racist 
enjoys 
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 
, parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . ' 
may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards 
j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl . 
coos beseechingly at you 
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen 
we 're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she 's french 
surprisingly charming 
... one resurrection too many . 
of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun 
my greatest pictures , 
mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay 
that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects 
, and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 
mean-spirited film 
there is greatness here . 
, the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture . 
looks neat 
little else 
this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal . 
dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace 
the greatest natural sportsmen 
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament . 
is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . 
a high water mark for this genre 
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest 
does pack some serious suspense 
wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men . 
the master of disguise represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . 
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , 
improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen 
a sexy , surprising romance ... 
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama 
omits 
is kind of special 
a crowd-pleaser , 
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve 
with their memorable and resourceful performances 
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . 
jerking off 
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events 
, it 'll only put you to sleep . 
forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . 
has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises 
stay away 
the confusing sexual messages 
to just die already 
you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch 
makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) 
a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche 
the cheesiest 
feeble comedy 
himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success . 
woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back . 
be much funnier than anything in the film 
compelling allegory 
to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived 
a party political broadcast 
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey 
overwhelmingly 
fine , old-fashioned-movie movie 
lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film 
a full-length classic 
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought 
importance 
a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured 
a beautiful food entrée 
to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation 
that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie 
loved on first sight and , even more important 
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , 
the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing 
did we really need a remake of `` charade 
, is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 
, wide-smiling reception 
the bigger setpieces flat 
imagine having more fun watching a documentary 
vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics 
upscale 
( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) 
the worst film 
still rapturous after all these years 
really goes downhill . 
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options . 
a very complex situation 
of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke 
deeply authentic 
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme 
ever released by a major film studio . 
hit that may strain adult credibility 
is so thoughtlessly assembled . 
more confused , 
tested by bad luck and their own immaturity 
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry 
a hypnotic portrait 
who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest 
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie . 
not only to his craft , but to his legend 
has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies 
, metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile . 
flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 
of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it 
( haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 
too clichéd and too often strains credulity 
martial arts 
like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out 
than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level 
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition 
, witty and beneath 
lacking any sense of commitment to or 
an achingly enthralling premise , 
spreads itself too thin 
exceedingly memorable one 
it 's impossible to care 
no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 
is , we have no idea what in creation is going on 
this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits . 
a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity . 
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and 
the superficially written characters ramble 
promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 
drag as soon as the action speeds up 
of france 's most inventive directors 
desperately needed 
is well worthwhile 
immature provocations 
no point 
knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . 
has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline . 
it aspires 
genuine quirkiness 
a worthwhile documentary , 
is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . 
pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 
mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 
funniest and most likeable movie in years 
that even he seems embarrassed to be part of 
's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood 
wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation 
formulaic 
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience 
the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks . 
a feel-good movie can still show real heart 
gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel 
in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy 
are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 
will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated 
one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it 
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it 
convey a tiny sense of hope 
heart-felt 
sweet and modest 
is prime escapist fare 
( the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 
is firing his r&d people 
angelina jolie 's surprising flair 
with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for 
the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . 
it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers 
nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it 
bloodsucker computer effects 
on par with the first one 
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue . 
listless and desultory 
sincere acting 
dialogue and murky cinematography 
with its wry observations 
wartime 
a small movie 
simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . 
as simultaneously funny , offbeat 
to a better tomorrow 
a breathtaking adventure 
you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 
's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . 
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant 
graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , 
has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier . 
i could n't recommend this film more . 
unlikeable 
treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film 
this is going to be something really good 
a brazil-like , hyper-real satire 
muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex . 
a guilty pleasure 
complaints i might have 
by cliches , painful improbability and murky points 
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics 
the mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . ' 
, only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero . 
astoundingly rich 
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine 
wisdom 
there are now two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs . 
is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement 
bargain-basement special 
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own 
feel sanitised and stagey 
musical number 
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing . 
weaves us into a complex web . 
responsible for one of the worst movies of one year 
proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool 
can not overcome blah characters 
abundant 
joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery 
would be consigned to the dustbin of history 
hell 
enjoyable in its own right 
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , 
with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . 
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- 
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie 
a sweet and sexy film 
's still terrible ! 
is almost in a class with that of wilde himself 
inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack 
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public 
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . 
`` crazy '' 
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and 
bad alternative music 
believability 
i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless . 
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm 
truly distinctive and 
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and 
provides a strong itch to explore more 
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , 
this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel 
america 's thirst for violence 
than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama 
breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill . 
most offensive 
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . 
cliches , painful improbability 
too-frosty 
remarkably unpretentious 
a droll , 
overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration . 
light , silly , photographed with color and depth , and rather a good time . 
the urbane sweetness 
makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing . 
to show us a good time 
richly detailed , 
excruciating demonstration 
bold presentation 
where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say 
as dreadful 
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool 
would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera 
of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies 
has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures 
an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche 
a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements 
season 
... spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around ) 
an extremely flat lead performance 
illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in 
went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is 
needs to pull his head out of his butt 
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 
's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex 
wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title . 
picked me up 
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is 
screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation 
that 's both charming and well acted 
another `` best man '' 
see a romance this smart 
if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade 
awarded mythic status 
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied . 
about as enjoyable 
are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 
epiphany 
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade . 
what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 
an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal 
wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . 
fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew 
is such a perfect medium for children , 
contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major 
visual delights 
earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot . 
disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine 
a huge heart 
apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it . 
a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them 
passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 
the wit and revolutionary spirit 
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , 
is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events 
often watchable 
's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay . 
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer 
extends to his supple understanding of the role 
the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then 
is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy 
on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel 
others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 
girl entry 
amazingly 
murk 
less charming than listening to a four-year-old 
begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot . 
seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity 
's a masterpeice . 
his subject justice 
find a ` literary ' filmmaking style 
wit to keep parents away from the concession stand 
oblivious to the existence of this film 
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption . 
, almost generic 
this unimaginative comedian 
is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 
allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range . 
oozes craft . 
it 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance . 
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record 
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely 
, confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually 
we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing . 
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me . 
the highest production values 
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling 
put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 
at his most sparkling 
's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention 
keen eye , 
buy this stuff 
bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults . 
average kid-empowerment fantasy 
change hackneyed concepts 
has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you 
because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm 
is one of the year 's best films . 
control-alt-delete 
only belly laughs 
enjoyable film 
better than sorcerer 's stone 
becoming too cute about it 
brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) 
as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain . 
an inconclusive ending 
opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche 
sink it 
film a must for everyone 
i love the robust middle of this picture . 
is polanski 's best film 
indifference 
favorite 
earnest moment 
which may be why it works as well as it does 
a beguiling freshness 
devolves into a laugh-free lecture . 
too long has ignored 
spider web . 
to a harrison ford low 
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - 
is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often . 
a hokey piece of nonsense 
sell many records 
a slick , engrossing melodrama 
spooky new thriller 
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic 
uncomfortably timely , relevant , 
predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle . 
( orlando jones ) 
guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen 
us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 
unusually surreal 
then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie . 
the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths . 
a vivid , sometimes surreal 
affectionate delight 
fingering problems than finding solutions 
uncanny 
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . 
a total misfire 
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls 
its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes 
's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery 
a crowd-pleaser , but then 
it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life 
a grenade with his teeth 
that might have made no such thing 
this bad 
wiseman is patient and 
a masterpiece -- and a challenging one 
is a must for genre fans . 
is n't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other 
the script has less spice than a rat burger 
worst possibilities 
the start -- and , refreshingly , 
staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . 
live happily ever after 
uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful 
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 
tits 
who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer 
colorful , joyous celebration 
codswallop 
merely crassly flamboyant 
... liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . 
is generally light enough 
you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort 
nutty cliches and far too much dialogue 
is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days 
that catches you up in something bigger than yourself 
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case . 
less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably 
are mean giggles and pulchritude . 
fascinating profile 
bogs down in genre cliches 
, inner-city autistic 
jell with sean penn 's monotone narration 
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound 
psychopathic 
for its elegantly colorful look and sound 
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material . 
if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags . 
urbane sweetness 
is one of the best actors there is 
an engaging storyline , 
lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 
as literary desecrations go 
exuberant openness 
david letterman and the onion 
sucks you in 
it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance . 
gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge ' 
deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen 
its chosen topic 
groaner 
are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile 
befallen 
, is wry and engrossing . 
difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting 
believe anyone would really buy this stuff 
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own . 
that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm . 
over-the-top trash 
to see it twice 
by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 
his film overwhelmed 
a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce 
delivers more goodies 
likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine 
an exit sign , that is . 
desirable 
feels like a prison stretch . 
exasperated 
a weak script 
with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be 
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and 
the thing just never gets off the ground . 
hunk 
all the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling . 
collapses into an inhalant blackout 
super - 
puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers . 
too sappy for its own good 
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure 
on tediously about their lives , loves and the art 
if we 're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she 's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ? 
lameness 
... rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle . 
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and 
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly 
is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan 
rushed to the megaplexes 
relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty 
good 
of a sleeper success 
a satisfying crime drama 
frustrates and 
mean things 
does little here 
furiously funny pace 
is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground 
contemplative 
steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 
two-dimensional and pointless 
it stinks 
are often funny fanatics 
a colorful , joyous celebration of life 
, poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 
to the edge of your seat 
muddled 
finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee 
isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters 
admire it 
gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time 
, the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 
a cinematic postcard 
their project so interesting 
is a very funny , heartwarming film 
exciting and 
a lot better 
anarchy 
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film . 
run-of-the-filth 
that 's neither original nor terribly funny 
standing by yourself is haunting ... ( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction . 
ultimately hollow mockumentary 
with heart 
so insanely stupid , 
lame 
seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits 
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . 
is more depressing than entertaining 
you ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone . 
you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth . 
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable 
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it . 
stupid sequel 
could have been crisper and punchier , 
more accurately , it 's moving 
relentlessly nasty situations 
first-rate 
emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment . 
avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 
brilliant performances 
cringing 
junior-high 
female friendship that men can embrace 
of the very best movies 
best part ' 
to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity 
has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 
will please eastwood 's loyal fans 
of dramatic fireworks 
beautifully produced . 
difficult and 
boredom 
clarke-williams 's 
not a must-own 
is easily 
in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . ' 
though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . 
it does not attempt to filter out the complexity 
to liven things up 
kissing 
disappointingly generic nature 
an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ... 
the perverse pleasure 
boorishness 
go see this delightful comedy . 
that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 
satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago 
is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann 
have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes 
an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer 
ridiculous dialog 
loses its fire midway , 
what a thrill ride 
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy 
engaged 
in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 
vaguely interesting 
it also happens to be good 
, fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . 
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious . 
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love 
squirming in their seats 
it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems . 
human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film 
's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground 
soothe and break 
a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place 
dull exposition 
pleasure or 
, i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable 
're drawn in by the dark luster 
technical achievement 
who can out-bad-act the other 
, it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust . 
shyamalan 's gifts , 
profound without ever being self-important 
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 
the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions 
a surprisingly funny movie . 
, a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement . 
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal 
argues 
is listless , witless , and devoid of anything 
a wonderful tale 
marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture 
workmanlike in the extreme 
complicated characters 
plus 
all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 . 
it is nevertheless compelling 
crisp framing , edgy camera work 
this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . 
a crisp psychological drama ( and ) a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode 
a high water mark 
matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible 
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse . 
an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick 
a pretty decent kid-pleasing 
's an utterly static picture 
for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex 
a delicate ambiguity 
thinly-conceived 
has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . 
it one of the best war movies ever made 
frustration from those 
fully developed story 
adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place 
surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue 
like schindler 's list 
what it is -- a nice , harmless date film 
the tear-jerking demands 
our close ties with animals 
, uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd 
as endearing and easy 
as i laughed throughout the movie 
lurid and less than lucid work . 
an honest attempt to get at something 
rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 
has a kind of hard , cold effect 
a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence 
we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity 
intolerable 
lacks depth . 
could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction 
to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages 
farts , boobs , 
dangerous and domineering 
holes and completely lacking in chills 
a positive ( if tragic ) note 
is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time 
rare quality 
more holes 
a mindless action movie 
shimmering cinematography 
, rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 
noteworthy characters 
but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell . 
which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking 
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat 's fat girl , rain is the far superior film . 
seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar 
noisy 
be a passable date film 
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought . 
loud and thoroughly 
turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions 
, the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one . 
huge fan 
is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem . 
that the only rip off that we were aware of 
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie 
cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure 
all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own 
are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style 
wonderful as the long-faced sad sack 
exciting 
of nature and family warmth 
any viewer , young or old , 
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... there is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' 
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge . 
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once 
this movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad . 
has done excellent work here . 
a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest 
join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love 
still works . 
horrible . 
is a movie that understands characters must come first 
, you 'll enjoy this movie . 
make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated 
does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . 
dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions 
engross 
got 
sulky 
believable mother/daughter pair 
whose meaning and 
absolutely refreshed 
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it . 
, it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . 
this method almost never fails him , and 
shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels 
flat , misguided comedy 
leave their families 
creepy and believable 
is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us 
have to see this 
hilary 
is small and shriveled 
is more timely now than ever 
a lackluster script 
avert our eyes 
lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics . 
clever makeup design 
the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half 
a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system 
with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television 
intriguing and stylish 
in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny 
exploit the familiar 
show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 
swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros 
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row 
second helpings 
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story 
the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 
seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested 
meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot 
a rich and full life 
of comedic bliss 
expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup . 
of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them 
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . 
high-adrenaline documentary 
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year . 
warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . 
's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style 
triumphantly 
a low-budget hybrid of scarface 
genteel and unsurprising 
transcend its clever concept 
it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism 
when you 're a jet 
an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type 
a relentlessly globalizing world 
a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from 
paints a grand picture of an era 
interesting in unfaithful 
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone 
the filmmakers could dredge up 
at your neighbor 's garage sale 
caton-jones 
the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic . 
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke 
the long-faced sad sack 
of embarrassment 
vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm 
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva 
very experienced 
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film 
( ramsay ) visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor . 
that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome 
explicit 
could n't keep my attention 
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- 
however , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome . 
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions 
damn funny 
appetizer that leaves you wanting more 
a joyous communal festival 
a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , 
gentle , touching story 
gives his best screen performance 
recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters 
gets you riled up 
, esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating . 
a psycho 
is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 
it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson 
failed 
a stable-full of solid performances 
actor to lead a group of talented friends astray 
by characters so unsympathetic 
five hours long 
of a beautifully sung holiday carol 
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release . 
's not too fast and not too slow . 
as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly 
much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo . 
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm . 
falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in . 
they have a tendency to slip into hokum 
very insecure 
are odd and pixilated 
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 
of the film 's cheeky charm 
a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . 
have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense 
intriguing subject 
low-budget affair 
have been a sketch on saturday night live 
are natural and lovely 
takes its techniques into such fresh territory 
so impersonal or 
highly studied 
all in all , a great party 
ensemble cast 
immature character 
it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . 
, murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling . 
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 
is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . 
the cast is top-notch 
whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three 
like a term paper 
hero 
left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence 
milquetoast 
good for the goose 
in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby 
the smartest 
what `` empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart . 
it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness 
no pastry is violated 
have its charms 
yet another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 is as generic as its title . 
had from films crammed with movie references 
no signs of life 
effects that are more silly than scary 
far too clever by half , howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another . 
pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood 
nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia 
a must-own 
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and 
completely creatively stillborn and 
, it comes to life in the performances . 
let-down 
natter 
chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists 
that is funny , touching , smart and complicated 
that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care 
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type 
keeping themselves kicking 
more interesting -- and , dare i say , 
distasteful and downright creepy 
be easy for critics to shred it 
it will stay with you 
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and 
irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere . 
true pleasure . 
an inelegant combination 
, you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 
seems worth the effort . 
no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance 
edit 
to a biting satire that has no teeth 
see nothing in it 
one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? 
not-so-small problem 
the worst elements 
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . 
solid and refined piece 
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits 
a glorified episode 
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 
( hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through . 
ignite sparks 
spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 
cynical creeps 
falls flat 
a bit disjointed 
loves its characters and communicates something 
offers no new insight on the matter 
quite enough of them 
flawless film , ( wang ) emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 
, i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet . 
wreaked 
asylum material 
it promised it would be 
misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece 
devotees 
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte 
light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy 
the last kiss 
fuelled devito 's early work 
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but 
of cinema 's directorial giants 
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family 
that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible 
poorly written 
failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness 
gracious 
much fun 
discovery and humor 
will leave you thinking 
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over . 
us all 
's pure entertainment 
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one . 
would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi . 
its execution and skill of its cast 
in the worst way 
of hard-bitten , cynical journalists 
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking 
you 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it . 
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted . 
what annoyed me most about god is great 
only obscure the message 
stumbles 
their super-dooper-adorability intact 
set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york . 
little room 
the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances 
really , really stupid 
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , 
what the movie lacks in action 
the somber pacing and lack 
is both stimulating and demanding . 
strong supporting players 
oscar-worthy performance 
the serbs themselves 
movies , television and the theater 
uninspired . 
that i usually dread encountering the most 
three-hour endurance test 
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame . 
something creepy about this movie 
waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense . 
an experience that is richer than anticipated 
is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 
with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni 
like a can of 2-day old coke 
boring and meandering . 
if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making 
esteemed 
fairly trite 
around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 
drivel 
terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences 
dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors 
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film 
balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem 
made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . 
would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary 
of its inventiveness 
the best ` old neighborhood ' project 
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , 
delightful , if minor , 
the hurried , badly cobbled look 
the obvious cliches 
'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense 
all your mateys , 
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance 
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece . 
it 's the butt of its own joke 
fresh territory 
studio hack 
sharp and quick documentary 
the sheer beauty 
serious suspense 
anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 
but it does n't leave you with much . 
bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma 
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare 
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ... 
immaturity 
rape-payback 
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered . 
is painfully bad , 
would leave you cold 
to blue hilarity 
does n't have anything really interesting to say 
a very depressing movie of many 
nonsensical and 
surprisingly ` solid ' achievement 
glamorous machine 
from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams 
reveals itself 
love a joy to behold 
something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects 
serenity 
poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines 
is the sense that peace is possible 
the most awful acts are committed 
dogs 
short of profound characterizations 
and mordantly humorous 
crude 
a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in 
this wo n't seem like such a bore 
be numbing 
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum . 
is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . 
wonderful ensemble cast 
a beautiful , aching sadness to it all 
darling band wilco 
has at least one more story to tell : his own 
the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach 
considered career-best performances 
` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative . 
feeling guilty for it 
surprising discovery 
's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling 
feeling like a great missed opportunity 
of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers 
a genius 
they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others 
bloated 
the most entertaining moments 
to bodacious 
a routine crime 
this film 's cast is uniformly superb 
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious . 
, interestingly told film . 
lazily 
is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying . 
put together a bold biographical fantasia 
its intended audience has n't yet had much science 
unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance 
have reinvigorated the romance genre 
as fresh 
is cloudy , the picture making becalmed . 
no new plot conceptions or 
been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker 
anteing up some movie star charisma 
a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely 
if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing . 
with real thematic heft 
by the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . 
to probe questions of attraction and interdependence 
people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny 
intriguing , provocative 
it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen . 
tried hard 
like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin . 
love for the movies of the 1960s 
's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low 
attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . 
confident filmmaking 
the procession 
a group of talented friends 
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures . 
thriller remarkable 
committed dumbness 
sleekness 
the pile of useless actioners 
feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama 
failing , ultimately , 
has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past 
who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable 
plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations 
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances 
peace is possible 
bad movie 
if festival in cannes nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy 
in this flat effort 
be liked sometimes 
you will never forget 
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet 
must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . 
, i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . 
to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 
of director john stockwell 
it 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids . 
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before 
laughs are lacking 
the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear 
poor 
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , 
a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd . 
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions . 
charming than in about a boy 
poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 
their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment 
is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . 
there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending . 
is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . 
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness 
dullard 
eerily accurate 
deserves to be seen everywhere . 
it 's never dull and always looks good . 
nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair 
encumbers itself with complications 
is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications 
a stunning technical achievement 
there 's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . 
showdown 
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled 
mess . 
of minor shortcomings 
should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike . 
me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters 
the script 's endless assault 
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn . 
uninspired story 
doze off for a few minutes 
is far less mature 
low-grade cheese standards 
imitations 
leaves something to be desired 
of better films 
lil bow wow takes the cake 
tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 
's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' 
deathly 
is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults 
that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater 
for its excellent storytelling , its economical 
the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen 
making dog day afternoon with a cause 
sealed in a jar 
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers 
the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers . 
unerring 
show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty 
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , 
sitcom material 
while peppering the pages with memorable zingers 
that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads 
is it hokey 
very predictable but still entertaining 
the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller . 
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale 
so short 
deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride . 
offers an intriguing what-if premise 
lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank 
direct-to-video stuff 
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film . 
abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here 
a laugh 
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - 
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick 
played and smartly directed 
for decades we 've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . 
quirky , original 
individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing 
a thoughtful examination 
does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 
truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film 
remotely topical or sexy 
comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life 
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads 
surprisingly romantic 
mundane 
spiked with raw urban humor 
of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x. 
an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 
he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . 
a vanity project 
stains 
compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy 
thanks to the actors 
it has its faults 
it 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction . 
comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . 
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : 
like the hours as an alternative 
terrific film 
's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name . 
remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career . 
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic 
the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan 
the most splendid 
of joyful solo performance 
brutal and funny 
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding . 
the wrong things 
to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff 
small in scope , yet perfectly formed 
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 
, ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . 
fondly 
through worn-out material 
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes . 
tear-drenched quicksand 
adrift in various new york city locations 
can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something 
incisive and sensitive 
gives a superb performance full of deep feeling 
's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . 
viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike 
cut their losses -- and ours -- and 
ferrara 's best film 
played-out idea 
it 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it . 
overworked 
beautiful film 
do n't even like their characters 
koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity . 
trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . ' 
have rarely seen 
grim future 
by a legacy of abuse 
to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins 
your dream 
is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller 
chasing who 
must have been astronomically bad 
take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time 
her skin 
authentically impulsive humor 
repugnant 
the first fatal attraction 
's simultaneously painful and refreshing 
builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia 
formulaic 
not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us 
intriguing story 
is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise 
the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and 
horribly wrong 
end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched 
too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes 
's not original enough . 
earnest dramaturgy 
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture . 
swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds . 
recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots 
makes it worth a recommendation 
be the performances of their careers 
gripping and compelling 
enthralling aesthetic experience 
vainly 
's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark . 
a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie 
in a slap-happy mood 
more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle 
an almost unbearably morbid love story . 
the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously 
about the plight of american indians in modern america 
are what makes it worth the trip to the theater 
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown . 
, but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity 
done before but never so vividly 
gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences . 
promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili 
proves to be sensational 
a really funny movie 
a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants 
runs out of steam after a half hour . 
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture 
slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth 
works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun . 
a thoughtful , emotional movie experience 
an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame 
schmucks 
oscar-caliber performances 
no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain 
is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 
old-world charm 
be distasteful to children and adults 
to get a coherent rhythm going 
the picture itself is somewhat problematic 
no lika da accents so good 
grotesque 
lazy exercise 
mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved 
the best of godard 's movies 
's just as wonderful on the big screen . 
grossly 
good news 
fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 
contrived , nonsensical and formulaic 
dopey 
a great companion piece to other napoleon films 
has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran 
a young boy 
plays like a student film 
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama . 
, overlong soap 
the need for national health insurance 
acting -- more accurately , it 's moving 
rushed , 
is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion 
feel-good family comedy 
horrors ! 
, confident 
the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses 
embraced by this gentle comedy 
proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery 
solid performances 
convey a sense of childhood imagination 
may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . 
a bang-up job 
beautifully crafted and 
the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller 
yet the act is still charming here . 
stilted and unconvincing 
, it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 
much more successful 
, wit and interesting characters 
the dark areas of parent-child relationships 
see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way 
dull-witted and disquietingly creepy 
manipulative whitewash 
bolstered by exceptional performances and 
a lynch-like vision 
the stills might make a nice coffee table book 
sick , twisted sort 
quiet , confident craftsmanship 
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study 
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , 
brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors 
asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in . 
made a decent ` intro ' documentary 
cliches , painful improbability and 
less a movie than ) 
, almost mystical work 
big , tender hug 
awkwardly garish showcase 
see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices 
joys in our lives 
together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire 
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies . 
imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie 
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow . 
the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . 
, this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 
to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier 
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message . 
fun and nimble 
a bland , pretentious mess . 
minor classic 
thoughtless 
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places 
tattered 
can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 
able 
while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work . 
the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey 
silly fluff 
is all over the place 
's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . 
a spark of new inspiration in it 
flaccid 
the clever credits roll 
flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity 
a crisp psychological drama ( and ) a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode . 
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons . 
goes on and on and on and on 
by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 
so rich with period minutiae 
rather choppy 
hilariously , 
its old-hat set-up and 
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you . 
goofy , life-affirming moments 
of dreck 
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is 
has created such a vibrant , colorful world 
, every shot enhances the excellent performances 
much about the ownership and redefinition of myth 
for a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them . 
self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining . 
is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages 
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and 
is interesting 
a small gem from belgium 
( fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall ) 
grace this deeply touching melodrama . 
is about as necessary as a hole in the head 
simple , poignant and leavened with humor 
gentle longing 
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs 
whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy 
a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias 
layered , well-developed characters and 
after the most awful acts are committed 
stooping to base melodrama 
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring 
doltish 
heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv 
casting call 
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap . 
creepy atmosphere 
're not merely watching history 
a two star script 
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . ' 
awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe 
, the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing . 
a slight but sweet film 
of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it 
be so stupid 
offers absolutely nothing i had n't already seen . 
both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good 
begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is . 
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . 
a slice of counterculture 
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear . 
gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here 
decent kid-pleasing 
infamy 
target practice 
more forced than usual 
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 
if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head 
a delightful surprise 
fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic 
time stinker 
feeling like no other film in recent history 
's fun , wispy , 
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love 
like the original 
enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over 
rates as an exceptional thriller . 
is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional 
complex , politically charged tapestry 
a smartly written motion picture 
babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... 
above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks 
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there . 
a successful one 
smart and taut . 
be low , very low , very very low , 
a look 
the nature of compassion 
overstylized 
great actors 
's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways 
is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love . 
both sitcomishly predictable and cloying 
drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 
feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks 
- hour , dissipated length . 
a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic 
a bad rock concert 
comatose 
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life 
are also 
becomes too heavy for the plot . 
very good acting 
attack 
often hilarious 
looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics . 
the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy 
'' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 
scream low budget 
displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard 
laughter and self-exploitation 
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage . 
schrader examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor . 
grounded in an undeniable social realism 
does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening 
serial murders 
will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 
endlessly 
that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in 
has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . 
a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast 
, should n't have been made 
i recommend it for its originality alone 
real-time rhythms 
to flat characters 
even-flowing tone 
should n't the reality seem at least passably real 
fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte 
, oozing , chilling and heart-warming 
does little here but point at things that explode into flame 
wo n't be disappointed . 
listless , witless 
a talented director 
a great director at the helm 
wafer-thin movie 
of the wondrous beats 
hard-edged stuff 
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . 
are sometimes inexpressive 
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . 
a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge . 
too much kid-vid 
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie 
left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose 
to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins 
in amazement over the fact 
a beautiful paean 
the collaborative process 
those who like quirky , slightly strange french films 
, it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role . 
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , 
shows crushingly little curiosity about 
tender and heart-wrenching 
felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes 
tired , 
been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera 
much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present 
feel sanitised and stagey . 
quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself 
too crazy 
confessions is n't always coherent , 
lame romantic comedy 
superb performances 
the energy humming 
even when he 's not at his most critically insightful 
, secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . 
a much larger historical context 
assured in its execution 
permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed . 
impudent 
a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it 
it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . 
the cat 's meow 
persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts 
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche . 
a wretched movie 
, crowd-pleasing goals 
few cheap shocks 
breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting . 
such blatant and sickening product placement 
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines . 
intoxicating documentary 
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . 
unturned 
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie 
masterfully 
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and 
grin 
superficial . 
really does n't have much to say beyond the news 
revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . 
a complete waste of time 
whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity . 
effecting 
timid 
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 
viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances . 
evil 
splendid production design 
transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories . 
quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks 
the film is well worthwhile . 
it 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows . 
the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book 
the fine line between cheese 
forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone 
uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated 
if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future 
serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting 
is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal 
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- 
so convincing 
it is n't very good 
, this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . 
( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really 
satirical touches 
's drab . 
the delight of discovery 
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting 
for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood 
as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams 
might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service 
you 're willing to have fun with it 
to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire 
pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling 
takes you somewhere 
consider it ` perfection . 
enthusiastically 
would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is 
a series of riveting set pieces 
liked by the people who can still give him work 
polished and 
incredibly irritating 
is just sooooo tired . 
steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph 
from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground 
is n't as weird as it ought to be . 
cleaver 
it 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish . 
of his character 
from one arresting image to another 
molested 
frida is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance . 
vibrant , and intelligent 
, ` blade ii ' just does n't cut it 
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . 
greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor 
may prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece . 
playstation cocktail 
more than a tepid exercise in 
a more annoying , though less angry 
its limit to sustain a laugh 
super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . 
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script 
resident evil 
believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action 
bad and 
a show forged in still-raw emotions 
gifted artists 
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study 
relentlessly nasty 
pushiness and decibel 
map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own 
delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition 
was at least funny 
yet , it still works . 
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny 
about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , 
does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating . 
could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population 
their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script 
is a big letdown 
vapid vehicle 
the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 
get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture 
creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light 
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely 
throwing up 
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 
there , done that 
is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut . 
it hates its characters . 
to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned 
technically and artistically inept 
boom mikes 
is the far superior film 
reading lines 
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . 
unabashedly romantic picture 
redundant 
is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking . 
on the deep deceptions of innocence 
laugh as well . 
superior 
subtly different 
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of 
like a film so cold and dead 
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah . 
explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily 
far more entertaining than i had expected 
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) . 
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga 
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . 
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 
so sloppily written 
enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play 
at its laziest 
blockbuster 
dominated 
all the enjoyable randomness 
otherworldly 
endless trailer 
poignant and 
clueless and 
it 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . 
waste of time , money and celluloid 
he wants you to feel something 
try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson 
a great writer and 
and movie life 
comedies to hit the screen in years 
it 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s . 
desiccated talent 
the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel 
do n't bother 
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour 
fun part 
soars every bit as high 
creeping into the second half 
every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- 
groan and hiss 
takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion . 
miraculous 
that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . 
everyone 's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships . 
unfolds with grace and humor and gradually 
beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy 
a bad sign 
reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events 
discreet filmmakers 
a true study , 
the original new testament stories so compelling 
has a genuine dramatic impact 
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , 
the director is a magician 
solidly entertaining and moving 
this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 
funny 
( swimfan ) falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting . 
to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience 
children 's ' song 
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose . 
of cinematic perfection 
oddly compelling . 
is basically just a curiosity 
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . 
it lacks in outright newness 
an alfred hitchcock movie 
self-promotion 
love , duty and friendship 
mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary 
no amount of imagination , 
illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity 
goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear 
yawner . 
, resonant gem 
sensual delights and simmering violence 
finds its tone and several scenes run too long . 
a genial romance 
bland hollywood romance 
shimmers with it 
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . 
this obscenely bad dark comedy 
um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ? 
to reveal his impressively delicate range 
collapses under its own meager weight . 
go around , with music and laughter 
seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . 
thoughtless , random , superficial humor 
almost generic 
if you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film . 
with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance 
, endearing 
guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort 
a doa dud from frame one . 
constantly touching 
take us by surprise ... 
is extraordinary 
carries you along 
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome 
artistically 
fart 
cross between xxx and vertical limit . 
grab your kids and run and then 
comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising 
make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe 
slam-dunk 
benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances 
hiss 
kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and 
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style 
's really just another major league . 
is trash 
an equally impressive degree 
soulful development 
suffers from a flat script and a low budget 
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , 
a flimsy excuse 
who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 
cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images 
alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head . 
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . 
is smart 
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but 
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity 
of hollywood heart-string plucking 
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu 
glamorous 
jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder . 
gritty 
by a rich visual clarity and deeply 
still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . 
it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . 
highly uneven 
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance . 
beyond redemption 
's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 
earned my indignant , preemptive departure 
witty feature 
than the real thing 
the hours represents two of those well spent 
no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film . 
broomfield dresses it up 
is infectious . 
no charm , no laughs , no fun 
quirky movie 
a walk to remember a niche hit 
with the titillating material 
arnold schwarzenegger 
revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style 
wonderful acting clinic 
flavors 
just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . 
slickly staged 
sit through it again 
revel in its splendor 
presented in convincing way 
, the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . 
's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow . 
passionate and 
, you know the picture is in trouble . 
ingenue 
as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles 
is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 
like a cheap lawn chair 
being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke . 
quirky characters and an engaging story 
does so without compromising that complexity 
distract 
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap . 
the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice 
rediscover the quivering kid inside 
the manner of a golden book sprung to life 
more watchable 
neatly constructed thriller 
a sugar-coated rocky 
always brooding 
is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue . 
trouble every day is a plodding mess . 
is downright doltish and uneventful 
most exciting action films 
( a ) stale retread of the '53 original 
potentially good 
to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power 
in spite of its predictability 
this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . 
intelligence and subtlety 
rare for any movie 
his best film 
the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' 
it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` look at this ! 
the surprisingly somber conclusion 
ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 
drowns out the promise of the romantic angle . 
any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants 
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable . 
detailed historical document 
increasingly incoherent 
turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy . 
incongruous summer playoff 
sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects . 
contemplative , and sublimely beautiful 
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people 
wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams . 
cool gadgets and creatures 
what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent 
found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays . 
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , 
useless movie 
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on 
the sheer joy and pride 
of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them 
driver and goodfellas 
what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom . 
dangerous 
it 's just a kids ' flick 
how both evolve 
cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks 
chance to see three splendid actors 
timid and soggy 
is thought-provoking . 
also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us 
central flaw 
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat 
compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction 
both times 
fails to keep it up and settles into clichés 
a snail 's pace 
the beauty of the piece 
create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows 
predictably soulless techno-tripe . 
a big letdown 
a story already overladen with plot conceits 
captivates and shows 
cynical 
weird . 
enough flourishes and freak-outs 
this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one 
like kissing jessica stein , amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . 
saves it ... and makes it 
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in ... `` my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart 
wedgie 
`` new best friend '' 
did n't mean much to me 
boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival . 
little melodramatic , but with 
the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest 
does n't even seem like she tried 
comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 
the right direction 
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly . 
, the movie is powerful and provocative . 
by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest 
a strangely tempting bouquet 
resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within . 
drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 
manipulative and 
he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 
demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested 
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor . 
adding the rich details and 
for but a few seconds 
inept and 
a neat trick 
awful 
fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count 
contradictory 
should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it 
polished , 
of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years 
crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection 
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 
it has fun with the quirks of family life 
of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 
smoochy 
from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat 
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances . 
a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 
the misconceived final 5 
fatal script error 
forget that they are actually movie folk 
be this good 
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep . 
lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing 
achieves the near-impossible 
to this film that may not always work 
though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation . 
'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . 
grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion 
a rip-off twice removed 
, painful 
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure 
is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels 
has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style 
holds you in rapt attention 
suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison 
stamina and vitality 
, unholy hokum . 
this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest . 
subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 
bad and baffling from the get-go 
if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 
dull effects 
infectious 
needed more emphasis 
a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 
the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics 
a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings 
was entranced 
will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 
amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness 
feels homogenized and a bit contrived , 
scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting 
invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god 
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit 
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation 
the visceral excitement 
this stylish film 
have to pay if you want to see it 
santa gives gifts to grownups 
funny , and even touching 
that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast 
if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will . 
did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home 
provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought 
often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 
a visually masterful work of quiet power 
emotionally strong 
a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 
grow into a movie career 
derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved 
out of a cellular phone commercial 
watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours 
such a good job 
impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise 
lost their movie mojo 
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns . 
84 minutes is short 
stereotypical 
become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one 
shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions 
with soul 
is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema 
be cherished 
fierce grace 
best-known creation 
has some nice twists but the ending 
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points . 
classic satire 
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching 
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied . 
lacks considerable brio 
a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations 
of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay 
a real audience-pleaser 
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery 
adventures 
hollywood satire 
super 
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense 
classic 
shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . ' 
ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot 
accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . 
in full consciousness 
purpose and even-handedness 
exuberance 
falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey . 
funny without hitting below the belt 
a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama 
as monstrous 
rightly 
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't . 
feels at odds with the rest of the film 
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook 
repressed 
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior 
below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 
, the film certainly does n't disappoint . 
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling . 
your disgust and your indifference 
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind 
you might as well be watching a rerun 
major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera 
hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it . 
virtuoso 
abysmally 
one terrific story 
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling 
this facetious smirk 
the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences 
disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel 
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat . 
the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie 
are not to be dismissed 
stare and sniffle 
a $ 40 million version of a game 
insecure about its capacity 
the emotional heart 
to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic 
manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience 
is greatness here . 
resolutely downbeat 
dialogue and preposterous moments 
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . 
on the promise of excitement 
when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic 
strong themes of familial ties 
to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 
the film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them . 
more offended by his lack of faith in his audience 
is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative 
never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ... 
unlike trey parker , sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 
harmed 
good intentions leads to the video store 
, resistance and artistic transcendence 
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it 
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized . 
report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks 
walked away from this new version of e.t. 
it 's exploitive without being insightful . 
this woefully hackneyed movie , 
unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations 
90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed 
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait 
slow , predictable and 
never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 
the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness . 
great monster/science fiction flicks 
could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary . 
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement . 
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings 
know better than to rush to the theater for this one 
off too far 
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery 
1937 breakthrough 
do n't come off 
be depressing 
elegant 
newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 
a spark of new inspiration in it , 
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof 
to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds 
, often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy 
a rollicking adventure for you 
is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless . 
a compelling film . 
mistaken-identity 
nonjudgmental 
gay love stories 
revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling 
of candid camera 
put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario 
should have gone straight to video . 
anthropomorphic 
this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better . 
crypt 
hackneyed 
is visually ravishing , 
to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 
you know there 's something there . 
refreshes 
in no small part thanks to lau 
pinheads who talk throughout the show . 
to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits 
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering 
is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . 
greatest hits 
annoying specimen 
bogs down in insignificance 
intellectual masterpieces 
suffered 
dreaming up romantic comedies 
old pickup skidding 
emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them 
wondrous beats 
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... 
naipaul , a juicy writer 
families and church meetings 
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came 
... is dudsville . 
a deeply humanistic artist 
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly 
is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 
well-put-together 
is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . 
wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness 
dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum . 
the worst of their shallow styles 
the movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . ' 
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that 
through clever makeup design 
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other john woo flick for that matter 
, well-shaped dramas 
pack some serious suspense 
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and 
actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 
is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance 
honest and loving one 
interesting and thoroughly 
finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 
eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 
will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear 
acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover 
is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy 
might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies 
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground 
suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary 
faithful 
some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls 
burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 
ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . 
that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting 
funnybone 
his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , 
should be thrown back in the river 
illustrates 
daft 
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but 
, the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . 
ca n't help but feel ` stoked . 
triumphant 
an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances 
cherish ' 
'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen . 
is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution 
( d ) espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ... 
delicious and delicately funny look 
remarkably 
very expressive 
have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is 
extraordinary 
an uninspired philosophical epiphany 
is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable 
mind : so why is this so boring ? 
a soulful , incisive meditation 
heart-felt drama 
is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home . 
christian 
the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller 
crude film 
it a party worth attending 
suspenseful horror movie 
haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way . 
still could have been room for the war scenes 
fondness and respect 
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance 
jumps around with little logic or continuity , 
the whole enterprise 
is all but useless 
of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 
is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights 
300 years of russian history and culture 
the same number of continuity errors 
get it 
impressive hybrid . 
though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times 
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but 
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve 
's the russian word for wow !? ' 
screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum 
of death 
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending 
with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes . 
optimism 
match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 
woven together skilfully 
with originality , humor and pathos 
the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking 
the beach 
entirely witless and inane , 
comfort food 
a fine effort , 
goofily endearing and well-lensed 
miraculous as its dreamworks makers 
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity 
just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination 
includes battlefield earth and showgirls 
clever and suspenseful 
utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . 
found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style 
quite beautiful 
sweet , tender sermon 
provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket 
to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats 
the film has a lot of charm . 
the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story 
to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release 
these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes 
argento 
of the year 's best 
film that will enthrall the whole family 
its visual panache and compelling supporting characters 
but it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain . 
sultry 
virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension 
is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves 
to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 
british comedy 
its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros 
imaginatively mixed 
endlessly challenging 
fits 
john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders 
so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 
thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening 
vibrantly 
was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him 
to the always hilarious meara and levy 
its lackluster gear 
far more interesting than the story at hand 
an engaging , wide-eyed actress 
a pleasant distraction , 
's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight 
shapes history 
his penchant for tearing up on cue -- 
, it 's still not a good movie 
in love with a girl 
a loud , witless mess that 
does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture 
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . 
deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals 
stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain . 
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies 
're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity 
insulting 
it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum . 
eccentric and good-naturedly 
are pretty valuable 
the atmosphere of the crime expertly 
silliness 
offensive , puerile and 
the actors ' perfect comic timing 
, having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 
that deserves a chance to shine 
a muddled limp biscuit 
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal . 
it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 
honest emotions 
best screen 
hip , contemporary , in-jokey one 
sweet and romantic 
found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . 
could hardly ask for more 
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents . 
found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . 
is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday 
keep this 
director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc . 
the point of ridiculousness 
meandering 
a tour de force of modern cinema 
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . '' 
the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . 
a strong script , powerful direction 
cause parents a few sleepless hours 
does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . 
his promise remains undiminished 
nature and family warmth 
is so different from the apple and so striking 
anyone can relate 
able to pull it back on course 
... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics . 
craven 
shamelessly money-grubbing 
can not be revived . 
the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy 
own brilliance 
it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 
a been-there , 
return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation 
half-baked setups and 
, enveloping affection 
would be me : fighting off the urge to doze 
you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 
the achingly unfunny phonce 
humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence 
and game phenomenon 
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives 
that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 
trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 
a heady , biting , be-bop 
widescreen photography 
sometimes quite funny 
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but 
screams 
the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 
from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 
storytelling prowess 
some of it is honestly affecting 
meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma . 
narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 
snappy 
magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch 
an expiration date passed a long time ago 
your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this 
flawless amounts 
barlow 
when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air 
herzog simply runs out of ideas 
relegated 
i liked the movie , 
little fuss or noise 
an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers 
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . 
this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking 
energizes it 
the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones 
leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies 
family movie 
vainly , i think 
, low-budget constraints 
despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer . 
, others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere . 
a customarily jovial air 
the cockettes ) provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . ' 
it 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid . 
, clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 
broken characters 
, harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . 
jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor 
siren 
as beautiful , desirable , even delectable 
take the viewer inside the wave 
is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation 
's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot 
a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche 
truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent 
hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby 
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , 
the wit and hoopla 
a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code 
that 's what makes it worth a recommendation 
its questionable satirical ambivalence 
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius 
control-alt-delete simone as quickly 
does the field no favors 
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject . 
cliches and pat storytelling 
that holds up well after two decades 
this is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch . 
of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick 
par with the first one 
engagingly 
emptiness and maddeningly 
a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment 
's no art here 
love the music 
well-formed satire 
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff . 
is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction 
` drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . 
the biggest problem i have 
the vulgar , sexist , racist humor 
santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative . 
compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness 
that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne 
cult film 
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions . 
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho 's fans . 
more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with 
capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark 
pyrotechnics its punchy style promises 
an effectively chilling guilty pleasure 
is both contrived and cliched 
clever scripting solutions 
keep it from being a total rehash 
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating . 
come with the warning 
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture . 
you leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing . 
bitter taste 
brightly 
a true adaptation 
intelligence and 
combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched . 
rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning . 
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation . 
and refined piece 
suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production 
that keeps you guessing at almost every turn 
coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
oddly detached 
a child 's pain 
it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here . 
wanting more 
with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out . 
thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films 
a portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake . 
pseudo-intellectual kid 
strike a chord with anyone who 's ever 
seems to take an unseemly pleasure in ( the characters ' ) misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it 
might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ? 
an equally miserable film 
, it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 
succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful 
the vampires 
( washington 's ) strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste 
's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt . 
hero performances 
wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv 's big brother 
unfocused and 
numbingly dull experience 
at least now we 've got something pretty damn close 
do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation 
that it 's more than a worthwhile effort 
create and sustain a mood 
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it . 
posing as a real movie . 
, the plot 's saccharine thrust 
's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative 
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic 
high-spirited 
is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original . 
is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive . 
drab wannabe 
streamed across its borders 
muddled , repetitive and ragged 
did n't find much fascination in the swinging . 
is flat . 
been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement 
their luster 
looking at his 12th oscar nomination 
is solid , satisfying fare for adults . 
a persuasive 
in a sincere performance 
echoes 
hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny . 
come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick 
at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it 
goodness 
there 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . 
another cool crime movie 
very handsomely produced let-down 
speak fluent flatula 
inoffensive 
realistic portrayal 
you live the mood rather than savor the story . 
seem to match the power of their surroundings . 
the qualities 
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through 
a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 
grinds itself 
starts off witty and sophisticated 
turd squashed 
manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy 
a cute partnership in i spy 
disturbing disregard 
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography 
the gags are often a stitch . 
seem deceptively slight 
the few ` cool ' actors 
prickly indie comedy 
has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past . 
his impressively delicate range 
laughably , irredeemably awful . 
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big 
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . 
a waste 
shine through the gloomy film noir veil 
proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny 
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality . 
fails on its own , but 
breathless anticipation 
breaks your heart 
11 times too many 
keenest pleasures 
hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 
with sean penn 's monotone narration 
fussing over 
of hell so shattering it 
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite . 
is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart . 
grand tour 
, no-frills ride 
plastered with one hollywood cliche 
old college try 
has done his homework and 
hip 
this cliche pileup 
all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . 
compelling yarn 
of his most daring , and complicated , performances 
waste viewers ' time 
, and larded with exposition 
... has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity . 
eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 
engage an audience 
bledel 
touching good sense 
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh . 
seems embarrassed by his own invention and 
all too literally 
unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car 
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble . 
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda 
rent those movies instead , 
he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . 
fantasti 
unsettling subject matter 
works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful . 
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but 
more charming than in about a boy 
an animation landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs . 
are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny 
live a rich and full life 
to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon 
in fact , it 's quite fun in places . 
diverting and modest 
long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 
so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it 
honest , and enjoyable 
autistic 
though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . 
begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue 
as those monologues stretch on and on 
stay away 
has humor and heart and very talented young actors 
in sorrow 
could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower 
makes the formula fresh again 
his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him 
`` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme 
you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion 
an absolute delight 
pack raw dough in my ears 
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory . 
loose , poorly structured 
one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio 
've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama . 
amazing 
a striking style 
because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel 
thought-provoking and 
, juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre 
of narrative banality 
wo n't stand the cold light of day 
every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera 
fast-paced contemporary society 
nearly epic 
worth the look 
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining . 
is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy 
playful but highly studied 
caring for animals and 
build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . 
that stands a good chance of being the big 
powerful , naturally dramatic piece 
by the time it 's done with us , 
is nicely shot , 
high production values 
for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach 
seem disappointing in its generalities 
of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality 
, this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . 
torn book jacket 
if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or 
in perfect balance 
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and 
hardly an objective documentary 
still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it 
... a light , yet engrossing piece . 
so sloppy 
you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work . 
devastating , eloquent clarity 
to learn , to grow 
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series . 
sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams 
a fairly revealing study 
more confused 
family and community 
just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen 
you 're an agnostic carnivore 
sex with strangers is fascinating ... 
the special effects are ` german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes 
cool 
work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns 
the extensive use of stock footage 
woefully 
paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . 
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . 
but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass . 
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for 
is nearly incoherent , 
is wickedly fun to watch 
much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments 
the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy 
heaven 
's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work . 
michael myers for good 
very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure 
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them . 
a full experience 
have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else 
-- and far less crass 
run out screaming 
desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics . 
do n't work in concert 
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish . 
a remarkably insightful 
would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art . 
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and 
combined with stunning animation . 
it 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness . 
are odd and pixilated and sometimes both . 
realize , much to our dismay , 
leaving the theater 
it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen 
of love and destiny 
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care . 
splendor 
often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy 
falls back 
they finally feel absolutely earned 
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll . 
is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe 
never comes together as a coherent whole . 
a real film 
strong piece 
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm . 
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you 
friendship , love 
( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay 
on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness 
made me want to scream 
, folks , it does n't work . 
tossed off 
the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen 
work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon 
the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie 
all great films about a life you never knew existed 
have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted 
those with a modicum of patience 
the plot holes 
resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 
that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be 
this movie is 90 minutes long , and 
a huge disappointment coming , as it does 
the limited chemistry 
the best disney movie 
is a fragmented film 
'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . 
frightfest 
she 's cut open a vein 
of new york locales and sharp writing 
terrific flair 
it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience 
's tv sitcom material at best 
wilson and murphy 
are sometimes bracing 
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin 
tears 
hugely overwritten 
would tax einstein 's brain . 
put off by the film 's austerity 
affectingly 
is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while 
that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 
done with noticeably less energy and imagination 
emotionally and spiritually compelling journey 
large cast 
great minds 
enjoyable family fare 
that verges on the amateurish 
, the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , 
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters 
characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 
gushing -- 
an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , 
a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion 
'll love it and probably want to see it twice . 
light treat 
well-developed 
as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 
` opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down . 
all the mounting tension of an expert thriller 
well-structured film 
do no wrong 
what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . 
i do n't think so . 
have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks 
of profound characterizations 
is hell . 
important director 
in freshening the play 
go back and choose to skip it 
only so much baked cardboard i need to chew 
clever , offbeat 
can relate 
amazing slapstick 
young romantics 
each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture 
a pedestrian , flat drama 
the obnoxious special effects 
conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america 
it ai n't art , by a long shot , 
liked sometimes 
will be impressed by this tired retread 
looks wonderful 
the misery 
's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s . 
french shocker 
like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 
works its magic with such exuberance and passion 
proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film . 
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , 
continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . 
an enjoyable choice for younger kids 
classify as it is hard to resist 
a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank 
boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually 
that with really poor comedic writing 
it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . 
the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself 
of virtually plotless meanderings 
lina 
mishandled here 
an intense and effective film 
bad premise 
fulfill 
ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered 
misguided project 
's an energy to y tu mamá también . 
honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher 
( i ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop is n't as funny as it should be . 
to be liberating 
lives down to its title . 
unique niche 
an eye on preserving a sense of mystery 
of stunning images and effects 
about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come . 
's episode of behind the music 
too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book 
unifying rhythm 
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 
this deeply affecting film 
scherfig 's light-hearted profile 
've seen before 
abandoned , 
will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 
some very good comedic songs , strong finish 
major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee 
rigid and evasive in ways 
, it has considerable charm . 
an ` action film ' mired in stasis 
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero 
holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot 
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances 
what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 
enough energy and excitement 
wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself . 
lasting traces of charlotte 's web 
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere . 
you come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another . 
itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 
feel sad 
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings 
the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned . 
humor , warmth , 
glizty but formulaic and silly ... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . 
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours . 
fiercely clever and subtle 
a crowd-pleaser , but then , 
affected and boring 
's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such 
move with grace and panache 
turbulent self-discovery 
hey , happy ! 
has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 
eventual discovery 
result in a movie that works against itself . 
do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role 
carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades 
recent past 
a zombie movie in every sense 
companion 
is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes 
impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' 
accomplished actress 
's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own 
is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer 
film lapses 
he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . 
interesting psychological game 
, it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken 
never existed 
humorous and touching 
artsy 
it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . 
is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin . 
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun 
puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers 
another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ... 
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten . 
a good guy 
the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie . 
might as well be watching it through a telescope 
'' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings 
of his passe ' chopsocky glory 
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ... 
it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 
odd drama 
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi . 
, but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances 
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary . 
imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 
a hit - and-miss affair , 
is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . 
hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . 
is simply tired 
, we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes . 
the film works well enough to make it worth watching 
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 
younger lad 
zero compelling storyline 
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it . 
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music . 
its excellent storytelling , its economical 
a complex web 
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie . 
could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors . 
are nearly impossible to care about 
all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance 
much like a fragment of an underdone potato 
best way 
's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés . 
very inspiring or insightful 
loved this film 
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in 
the problem with wendigo , 
is a little too in love 
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react 
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre . 
cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense 
the very definition of epic adventure 
not zhang 's forte 
a mediocre one 
directed and convincingly acted . 
makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film 
big shear 
the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings 
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` scratch '' a second look . 
george orwell turning over 
is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states . 
from a consummate actor incapable of being boring 
suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies 
, like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 
the cleverness , the weirdness and 
that make it well worth watching 
a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal 
enigma lacks it . 
very meticulously but without any passion 
from a flat script and a low budget 
scathing 
but how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery . 
stalls 
is essentially juiceless . 
may not be an important movie , or even a good one 
a stock plot 
said the film was better than saving private ryan . 
all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain 
together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 
difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 
is way too stagy 
more graceful 
busy 
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events . 
oscar 
dialogue and sharp 
so vividly 
almost bergmanesque intensity 
of important developments of the computer industry 
clinch him this year 's razzie 
should be punishable by chainsaw 
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera 
banal in its message and the choice of material 
know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further 
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : 
with memorable zingers 
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes 
refusal to recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map 
's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood 
a different and emotionally reserved type 
falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 
that you feel like running out screaming 
no. 1 
this odd , poetic road movie , 
love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , 
drama , conflict , tears and surprise 
becomes a bit of a mishmash 
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , 
my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . 
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but 
seen in years 
i ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . 
is powerful and revelatory 
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 
disaster 
return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages . 
going to be really awful 
in the pants 
black-and-white and unrealistic . 
uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 
thoughtful and unflinching 
engaging criminal 
the chaos of an urban conflagration 
tasteful little revision works 
in formula crash-and-bash action 
may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen 
that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers 
enlivens this film 
a smart , nuanced look at de sade and 
exceptional to justify a three hour running time 
pretentious . 
a more than satisfactory amount of carnage 
a lovely film ... 
been there done that . 
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor 
been trying to forget 
and suspenseful argentinian thriller 
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming . 
what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and 
intriguing plot 
guilt-free trip 
this is n't worth sitting through 
stylish weaponry 
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions . 
imperfect , love-hate relationship 
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process . 
numb experience 
ranks as the most original in years 
jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 
worst thing 
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room 
seems to have recharged him . 
she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 
harmless 
generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing . 
of the gross-out comedy 
to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 
american musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . 
no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- 
play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution 
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 
repeating 
does n't do a load of good 
incoherence 
you love him 
hampered 
welcome and heartwarming addition 
right into the center of that world 
a vivid imagination 
skillful filmmaker 
that you wo n't care 
to entertain all ages 
a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni 
proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls 
do n't think so 
's easy to like and always leaves us laughing 
lasting traces 
a compelling motion 
, more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . 
gave me no reason to care 
the maudlin way its story unfolds 
, uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 
would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film . 
forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story . 
the haphazardness of evil 
and dog lovers 
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum . 
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , 
smart and fun 
generous 
wait to see it then . 
an important movie , or even a good one 
to keel over 
well-paced and ultimately 
hollywood trap 
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and 
a desperate miscalculation 
shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , 
needlessly poor quality 
co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision 
like . 
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable 
, in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 . 
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references 
may be as history 
well-balanced fashion 
a dazzling dream 
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , 
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination 
power and grace 
it 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage . 
reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully 
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy . 
no 
makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view 
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . 
nothing i had n't already seen . 
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities . 
as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 
with the best of herzog 's works 
, wonderful 
if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise 
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing 
, overmanipulative hollywood practices 
's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy 
been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up 
for easy , seductive pacing 
is one of those films that aims to confuse 
need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is 
surprisingly funny 
foolish choices for advice 
is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script . 
more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds 
as subtle and as enigmatic 
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and 
was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise 
give 
, this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot . 
spellbinding 
at once visceral and spiritual , 
takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 
to see three splendid actors 
great fun 
create a complex , unpredictable character 
any art-house moviegoer 
ode to tackling life 's wonderment 
without resorting to camp or parody 
ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this 
goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' 
overwhelmingly positive portrayal 
charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent 
a rerun 
the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers 
make for a winning , heartwarming yarn 
provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc 
a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . 
ferrara 's best film in years . 
satisfying crime drama 
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart 
starts making water torture seem appealing 
farce , 
paranoid and unlikable 
'll see a better thriller this year 
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours . 
more mature 
never fails to entertain 
'd prefer a simple misfire 
even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 
's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . 
part of the fun 
attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire 
if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy 
a sudden lunch rush 
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully 
insultingly inept and artificial examination 
i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie 
of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 
so larger than life and 
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s 
such a worthless film 
generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy 
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or 
very slow , uneventful 
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes . 
've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles 
cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon . 
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , 
is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . 
for the memorable character creations 
at leading lives of sexy intrigue 
will have you talking 'til the end of the year 
as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro 
preachy-keen 
... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did i miss something ? '' 
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be . 
particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy 
undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution 
gentle , lapping rhythms 
paved with good intentions leads to the video store '' 
lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail 
a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries 
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** . 
ill-conceived and expensive project 
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan 
a sour little movie 
jagjit 
about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor 
outside the under-10 set 
independent-community guiding lights 
what it was that made the story relevant in the first place 
showcases the city 's old-world charm 
most purely enjoyable 
nothing too deep or substantial . 
loss 
is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 
the rich performances 
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal 
i found myself howling more than cringing 
, mean-spirited lashing 
is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films 
bright 
into an intense and engrossing head-trip 
flashy twists 
plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder 
brilliant and 
is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form 
more than it does cathartic truth telling 
on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work 
late-summer 
that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty 
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera . 
you thought was going to be really awful 
an interesting racial tension 
some very good acting , dialogue , 
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l.a. to that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either . 
comical 
false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices 
forget about it 
the work of an artist 
snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure 
excites the imagination 
makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing 
ended so damned soon 
, songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . 
delicious , quirky movie 
, and of telling a fascinating character 's story 
starts out strongly 
relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . 
slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty 
what 's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behavior . 
the increasingly diverse french director 
though jones and snipes are enthralling 
, the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 
bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film 
the way chekhov is funny 
anomie and heartbreak 
unsurprisingly 
uneven performances and 
with the delight of discovery 
some major alterations 
a quiet , disquieting triumph . 
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece 
pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 
that have reinvigorated the romance genre 
a dazzling dream of a documentary . 
is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country . 
may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain 
a self-indulgent script 
secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie . 
the most resolutely unreligious parents 
a bitter pill 
a funny moment 
will forgive the flaws and love the film 
stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel 
eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life . 
is the most visually unappealing . 
to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke 
is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures 
chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and 
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place 
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff . 
find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) 
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs 
corniest 
impressively delicate range 
be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors 
not 
liberal doses 
( jeff 's ) gorgeous , fluid compositions , 
obscenely bad 
clever and very satisfying 
does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy . 
told with humor and poignancy 
lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships . 
sane and breathtakingly creative film 
a monumental achievement 
dark , funny humor 
insecure 
impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies . 
, and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 
it 's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese . 
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - 
examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling 
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half . 
in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world 
be fertile sources of humor 
earnestness remarkably well 
has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded . 
remarkably accessible and haunting film 
's great for the kids 
of the recent hollywood trip tripe 
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise . 
being very inspiring or insightful 
as good , if not better 
so much phone in his performance as 
see the movie 
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david 's point of view 
( n ) o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 
it works superbly here 
is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not 
visual poetry 
, the last kiss is really all about performances . 
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . 
's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long 
artwork 
sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . 
has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script 
takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera 
, home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . 
, passion , and genius 
for what we can get on television for free 
bogus spiritualism 
wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 
admire the film 's stately nature and 
the delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two . 
love head-on 
make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 
never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . 
that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema 
grows on you 
's far too sentimental 
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts . 
honestly 
with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera 
with unlikable , spiteful idiots 
deeply humanizing 
for devotees of french cinema 
is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride 
poignant and wryly amusing 
's insanely violent and very graphic 
there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat 
keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart . 
manage to get you under its spell 
'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries 
's a cool event for the whole family 
preaching message 
greatest adventure 
small delights 
a joint promotion for the national basketball association and 
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment . 
about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get 
that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 
his intellectual rigor 
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film 
quite worth 
dull and ankle-deep 
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick . 
there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations 
with heart and humor 
is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies 
, mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it . 
birthday girl 's calculated events 
, honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama 
as intellectual masterpieces 
, it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 
see her esther blossom as an actress 
found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally 
hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you 
a big box of consolation candy 
, xxx is a blast of adrenalin , 
superb 
's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it 
of pre-9 / 11 new york and 
acidic all-male 
uniformly superb 
biography channel 
evans is no hollywood villain 
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , 
throws away 
'll still be glued to the screen . 
measured or polished 
sentimental script 
over-indulgent 
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event 
thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser 
drooling over michael idemoto as michael 
should not be missed . 
make for a bad film 
'' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year . 
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` besotted '' is misbegotten 
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone . 
with nothing but net 
joyous documentary . 
there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message 
miller , kuras and the actresses 
is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still . 
fair amount 
is attractive 
is nothing short of refreshing 
flamboyant female comics 
's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish 
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root 
a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and 
an enjoyably 
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . '' 
a phony relationship 
has already appeared in one forum or another 
it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . 
` the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . ' 
i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and 
charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular 
easily and , in the end , not well enough 
best forgotten 
, tedious 
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings 
fall apart 
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides . 
invulnerable as its trademark villain 
a pleasing way 
good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 
, this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . 
's not clear 
the performances , for the most part , credible 
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression . 
mass drug-induced bowel 
put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life 
accept it as life and go with its flow 
real snooze . 
by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery 
fine performances 
touching as the son 's room 
surprising , subtle turn 
's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . 
the title , many can aspire but none can equal 
almost unbearably 
photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life 
are in perfect balance 
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , 
as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something 
watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet 
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . 
their own mortality 
washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 
is funny , touching , smart and complicated 
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar . 
amoral 
smart-aleck 
desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks 
placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers 
for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers 
conquers 
sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . 
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort . 
unrealized 
of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse 
bring off this wild welsh whimsy 
perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 
as filling as the treat of the title 
as entertainment 
like an extreme action-packed film 
grossest 
into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy 
formulaic , 
smartly played and smartly directed . 
a poignant and wryly amusing film 
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve 
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images . 
i saw it as a young boy 
uh , shred , 
rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest 
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction . 
through its hackneyed elements 
freely 
slimed 
have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one 
emotionally satisfying 
worse stunt editing 
where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity 
throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 
blazingly 
one long 
tov to a film about a family 's joyous life 
strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults . 
low , smoky and inviting sizzle 
interesting and 
are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance 
merely offensive 
univac-like script machine 
is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story . 
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling . 
rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines 
as bad 
as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work 
create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess 
if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in 
it has its faults , 
such a dependable concept 
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets 
it borders on facile 
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that 
the audience gets pure escapism 
almost every single facet of production 
pleaser 
the movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . 
brutally labored and unfunny hokum 
is flawed 
lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture . 
an inferior level 
entertainingly presented 
little propaganda film 
certain 
be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time 
dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . 
in future years as an eloquent memorial 
it 's just grating 
a coming-of-age story and 
ill at ease sharing the same scene 
what a reckless 
trapped wo n't score points for political correctness 
a troubadour 
this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history 
with fascinating connections 
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- 
is deadly 
can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke . 
much tongue in cheek in the film 
suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected 
he just slopped ` em together here 
shining with all the usual spielberg flair , 
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , 
it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out . 
's the image that really tells the tale 
a spectacular completion one 
this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears 
( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) 
light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat . 
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get . 
rises ) 
satisfaction 
anemic 
is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring 
` swept away ' sinks . 
redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs 
of perversity , comedy and romance 
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and 
to decide what annoyed me most about god is great 
contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be 
comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel 
lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants 
limp eddie murphy 
sublime 
indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length 
triple x is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude . 
of the rarest kinds of films 
extraordinary poignancy 
transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem 
do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . 
adorably whimsical comedy 
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness 
between these two marginal characters 
absurd plot twists , 
albeit a visually compelling one , 
also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience 
seems to remain an unchanged dullard 
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness 
inhabit that special annex of hell 
to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue 
mounted , exasperatingly 
standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm 
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy 
very enjoyable ... 
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images 
new ways of describing badness 
loosely connected characters and 
pallid 
routine stuff yuen 
no charm , no laughs , 
runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours 
almost as much as they love themselves 
offers chills 
a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic 
, the film does pack some serious suspense . 
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , 
no charm 
forgiveness and love 
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still . 
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama . 
was just a matter of ` eh 
invite 
more bizarre 
a joyous occasion 
is fully formed and remarkably assured 
hate it for the same reason 
wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback 
for all its problems ... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience . 
is an earnest study in despair 
certainly the big finish was n't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps . 
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck . 
genuine insight 
resonant chord 
would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic 
astonishingly pivotal role 
each other against all odds 
should drop everything and run to ichi 
will win you over , in a big way 
precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen 
the triumph 
big-hearted and frequently 
is a little too in love with its own cuteness 
mind crappy movies 
exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 
left slightly disappointed that it did n't 
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel . 
much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché . 
's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long . 
a deft 
( and fairly unbelievable ) finale 
it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera 
this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country 
tender hug 
, pretentious mess . 
, unconvincing 
successfully blended satire 
frighteningly fascinating contradiction 
shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops 
a teen movie with a humanistic message 
the biggest disappointments of the year 
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers 
the best looking and stylish 
successes 
millions of eager fans 
plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out . 
with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera 
lurks just below the proceedings and 
's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish . 
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character . 
in a giant pile of elephant feces 
be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers 
replaced by goth goofiness 
sinuously plotted and 
is entertaining 
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication 
of a growing strain of daring films 
is intelligently 
the vagueness of topical excess 
warn 
spectacle and pacing 
who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping 
upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 
please eastwood 's loyal fans 
bravado 
this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped 
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe . 
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers 
same easy targets 
simply by accident 
instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid 
when it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama 
be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 
'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve 
petty 
distinguished actor 
meticulous talent 
praises 
to be cherished 
ms. hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate . 
afghan tragedies 
has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection 
succeeds through sincerity . 
's worth seeing 
definitely tasty and sweet 
the cast is appealing 
big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . ' 
clever and 
some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety 
no better or worse than ` truth or consequences , n.m. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia 
paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . 
misanthropic comedies 
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why 
confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema . 
it 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction . 
art-house gay porn film 
genteel and 
to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt 
a good time for both children and parents 
invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . 
human darkness 
quite able 
that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety 
rejection by one 's mother 
epic 
`` ( hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . 
with his talent 
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so 
is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes . 
the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure 
entertain or inspire its viewers 
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk . 
a bomb 
the thing ' and a geriatric 
deserves a sequel 
name-calling 
in the best irish sense 
makes up for in heart . 
it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds 
the action scenes are poorly delivered 
an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era 
of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor 
's propelled by the acting 
the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 
throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken . 
is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is 
true love 
if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . 
of its plot contrivances 
is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory . 
a worthwhile glimpse 
close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 
very funny joke 
must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face . 
a chuckle 
never feel anything for these characters 
admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint . 
you are likely to witness in a movie theater for some time 
embellished by editing 
head cutter 
sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals 
anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 
the self-image of drooling idiots 
intelligent , and 
the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania 
achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 
why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 
such superficial treatment 
one-dimensional characters 
the first place 
extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability . 
gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances 
grisly and engagingly quixotic 
cast and surehanded direction 
is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience 
kids , spirit 
sad nonsense , this . 
realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 
are ... 
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but 
is a slapdash mess 
realize your mind is being blown 
would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . 
's just tediously bad 
any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future 
ok for a movie 
darkly funny and 
be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families 
... somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks . 
beautifully directed and convincingly acted . 
his life drew to a close 
string 
a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration 
wears its empowerment on its sleeve 
directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men . 
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire 
the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families 
be able to find better entertainment 
in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings 
's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles . 
the wonder of mostly martha 
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary 
like the wanderers and a bronx tale 
a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance 
dysfunctional drama 
wind chimes 
a staggeringly compelling character , 
analyze this , not 
captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path 
thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry 
will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them . 
far the worst movie of the year 
action sequences and some of the worst dialogue 
teaming 
to drag as soon as the action speeds up 
seem to be surefire casting 
the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing 
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , 
this overproduced piece of dreck 
is sympathetic without being gullible 
impressive 
's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original . 
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control 
going where no man has gone before 
provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride 
yet this grating showcase 
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and 
a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama 
vulgarities 
returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s 
the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer 
a rather bland affair . 
presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years . 
is : ` scooby ' do n't . 
into such fresh territory 
claustrophic , suffocating and chilly 
into comedy futility 
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors . 
a good and ambitious film 
full of sex , drugs and rock 
on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue 
feature-length 
thoroughly formulaic film 
gets harder and harder to understand her choices 
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental . 
the movie 's progression 
ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations . 
's a very sincere work 
bad bear suits 
a dream is a wish your heart makes 
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture . 
the only one laughing at his own joke 
the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart . 
directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured . 
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me 
does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke 
is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it 
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work 
mostly leaves him shooting blanks 
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh 
who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 
like a rash 
's always enthralling 
for occasional smiles 
is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 
to bother pleasuring its audience 
coupling disgracefully written dialogue 
super - violent , super-serious 
; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend 
dreary and sluggish 
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is 
some intriguing characters 
from a bad clive barker movie 
sneering humor 
you would n't turn down a big bowl of that 
un-bear-able 
everything that 's good 
mr. polanski is in his element here 
undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense 
that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie 
to be intimate and socially encompassing 
the books are better 
the plot grows thin soon , 
the border collie is funny 
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense 
no substitute for on-screen chemistry 
sub-par 
can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it . 
may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie 
a rather dull , unimaginative car chase 
more salacious telenovela than serious drama 
lacking in chills 
bull 
the believability of the entire scenario 
everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and 
as sci-fi generic 
a huge box-office 
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , 
felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting 
drags 
a giant step backward 
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment . 
highlight reel 
mamet 's airless cinematic shell games . 
sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music . 
left me feeling refreshed and hopeful 
no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act 
, badly cobbled look 
courageous molly craig 
's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action . 
ca n't sustain it . 
the large cast is solid 
's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture 
captivated 
dud 
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths 
far the worst movie 
sensuality 
gorgeous beaches 
the slow parade of human frailty fascinates 
comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible . 
a sweet and modest and 
an extraordinary poignancy , and the story 
unusual homes 
sappy dialogue 
would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art 
lucky break is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump . 
most late-night bull sessions 
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and 
the very top rank of french filmmakers 
aspires 
sustains interest 
a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought 
the overall fabric is hypnotic , 
an autopsy , the movie 
made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes 
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so 
earnest and heartfelt 
the master of disguise is awful . 
pomposity 
if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers 
is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) . 
that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema 
's worth the concentration 
of its attractive young leads 
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , 
packed with just as much intelligence 
, this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . 
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints . 
this is not a jackie chan movie . 
me 
's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after 
most unpleasant 
wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll 
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , 
clichés , depression and 
is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation 
so impersonal 
the killing field and 
allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours 
restrained and subtle 
vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much 
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport 
somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . 
that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad 
little attempt 
from oscar-winning master 
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ... 
limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror 
is strange and compelling 
throws you for a loop 
no chemistry or 
that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice 
anything but laughable 
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- 
a rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest . 
re-invents himself 
as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful 
sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light . 
is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen . 
) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard 
heart and humor 
an adventure story and history lesson 
is nonjudgmental , and 
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth 
we 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments . 
plus , like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall ! 
of what it actually means to face your fears 
watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost 
a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s 
feel like three hours . 
in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris . 
it 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise . 
views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point . 
to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot 
how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm 
devolves into a laugh-free lecture 
also seems to play on a 10-year delay 
also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were . 
of the world 's most fascinating stories 
awkward hybrid 
inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 
poignant and uplifting 
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) 
about its ideas and 
a remarkable film by bernard rose 
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests 
struck a chord in me 
weirdness for the sake of weirdness 
while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up 
of the charm and little 
such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many 
soulless and 
its heart 
abysmally pathetic 
knows how to tell us about people 
you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing 
carl 
onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind 
keeps lifting the pedestal higher 
it dull , lifeless , and irritating 
a flat script 
if i want a real movie 
's quite diverting nonsense 
its lack of purpose 
dull , simple-minded and stereotypical 
bright and 
, the drama feels rigged and sluggish . 
an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection 
contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays . 
unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema . 
carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect 
terminally cute drama 
sentimental , hypocritical 
fails on its own 
smart little indie . 
employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing 
hollywood-action cliches 
a thoroughly awful movie -- 
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances 
does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 
zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies 
the execution 
by an esteemed writer-actor 
well-acted , 
interest onscreen 
in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast 
watch if you only had a week to live 
ghastly 
it 's a ripper of a yarn 
that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be 
tawdry 
the abiding impression 
predictable outcome 
a lot of tooth in roger dodger 
grotesque narcissism 
's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 
phoned-in business 
juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films 
misogyny and unprovoked violence 
glitz 
one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here 
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action . 
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid 
run-of-the-mill . 
its leaden acting , dull exposition 
unlaughable 
set out to lampoon , anyway 
its storytelling prowess and special effects 
the truly funny bits 
touched 
heart-pounding 
an unsettling sight , and 
worthy successor 
that it 's impossible to care 
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised 
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill . 
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition 
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . 
buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie 
utterly misplaced 
nightmarish 
the charm of the first movie 
to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen 
some cute moments , funny scenes , and 
so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 
's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama 
leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face 
are all more than competent 
a moving , if uneven , success . 
plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out 
it has a genuine dramatic impact 
emaciated flick 
is n't funny 
flavor and spice 
's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny 
unfulfilling 
compelling plots 
sinuously plotted 
is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters 
his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace 
are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence . 
is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons 
satisfying complete picture 
pack your knitting needles . 
the best actor 
bully 
, nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 
if you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you . 
the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself 
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel . 
doze off thirty minutes into the film 
was hard for me 
stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory 
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then 
, bad , bad movie 
mostly , ( goldbacher ) just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human . 
and mainly unfunny 
show to steal 
feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 
kafka 
negligible 
fails to fascinate 
mired in a shabby script 
is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . 
one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , 
bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports 
as ugly as the shabby digital photography and 
however 
strange and compelling 
gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem 
a talking head documentary , but a great one 
a definitive account of eisenstein 's life 
of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile 
works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera 
worthwhile environmental message 
of the finest kind 
in the pile of useless actioners 
put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes 
it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . 
this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 
viewed and treasured 
irresponsible 
so intimate and 
at least during their '70s heyday 
potty-mouthed enough 
an engrossing story 
overly familiar scenario 
on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . 
are n't likely to leave a lasting impression 
a solid , unassuming drama . 
exit the theater 
's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater 
laborious pacing 
benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story 
sugary sentiment and withholds delivery 
this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon 
a winning comedy with its wry observations 
film that loses sight of its own story 
should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . 
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo 
students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously . 
takes chances that are bold by studio standards 
especially give credit to affleck . 
does n't generate a lot of energy 
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale 
efficient 
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - 
the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid 
`` the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker . 
the right place 
'll probably love it 
starts out with tremendous promise , 
invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games 
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor . 
this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence 
i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill 
character piece 
among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 
of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 
which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while 
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film 
more colorful 
mr. deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 
star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy . 
more colorful , more playful tone 
made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such 
stultifying 
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world 
is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally 
, you 'll like promises . 
ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit 
is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie 
as the novel on which it 's based 
one-dimensional buffoons 
a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head 
's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama 
excites the imagination and 
to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 
others do n't , 
is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned 
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly 
of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory 
exists , 
that for the most part , the film is deadly dull 
but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources . 
it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 
wicked black comedy 
impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head 
passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats . 
elegant , 
a knowing 
a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie 
a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , 
the problems 
true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation . 
immensely appealing 
if considerably less ambitious 
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral . 
good performances and 
the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 
is born to play shaggy 
to believe in your dreams 
win any academy awards 
for industrial-model meat freezers 
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and 
lifts your spirits 
seen ( eddie ) 
with one of france 's most inventive directors 
in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 
a beautifully sung holiday carol 
was more melodramatic 
uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong 
an off-beat and fanciful film 
... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers . 
of riveting power and sadness 
intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening 
it 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion . 
way fears and slights 
outstanding performance 
is a step down for director gary fleder . 
long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy 
a surprisingly sensitive script co-written 
its awkward structure 
to be consumed and forgotten 
you love it 
that rare movie that works on any number of levels 
into the urban heart 
just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar 
it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 
that 's superficial and unrealized 
should catch this imax offering . 
gripping documentary 
justifies its own existence 
burns 
pat storylines , precious circumstances 
gentle but 
turned down 
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , 
even a little dated 
are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . 
like a masterpiece 
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . 
stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline 
dozens of bad guys 
botched 
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty . 
a crowd-pleaser , but then , so 
can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice 
a film you will never forget 
, `` minority report '' astounds . 
disposable 
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction . 
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 
... one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' . 
thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery 
of the best looking and stylish 
the film 's plot may be shallow , but 
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city 
over-the-top , and amateurish . 
the best star trek movie 
will leave fans clamoring for another ride 
drains 
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice . 
the wan , thinly sketched story 
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness 
stay away . 
nimble shoulders 
raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll 
a master 
trapped 
is commentary enough 
of three 
holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) 
dreary tale of middle-class angst 
banged their brains 
into this somewhat tired premise 
's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter 
's very beavis and butthead , yet always 
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title 
is off-putting , 
have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie . 
believed in their small-budget film 
one of the most savagely hilarious social critics 
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds . 
the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot 
by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness 
the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . 
as telling a country skunk 
the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film 
worth a summertime look-see 
with conspicuous success 
the horror fan 
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace 
dark-as-pitch 
reliable 
- greaseballs mob action-comedy . 
sucker 
this is the most visually unappealing . 
's definite room for improvement . 
the light comedic work 
we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat . 
the movie is amateurish 
i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 
nagging 
to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . 
do n't say you were n't warned . 
while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying 
as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is 
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot 
fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 
'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter 
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust 
what saves it ... and makes it 
in manipulation and mayhem 
you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 
as a call for pity and sympathy 
's little to recommend snow dogs , 
to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 
new ground 
overlong infomercial 
after drinking twelve beers 
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but 
emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective 
a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him 
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her . 
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . ' 
conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 
find it more than capable of rewarding them 
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior 
has many of the things that made the first one charming . 
by laurice guillen 
leaves a positive impression 
the one that i want 
evil , monstrous lunatic 
terrific b movie 
charming and quirky 
life-altering 
squanders as much as it gives out 
to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it 
a dull girl 
in the simple telling 
lusty , boisterous and utterly charming 
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and 
failure 
goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots . 
a grating , emaciated flick 
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare . 
better-focused 
make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' 
` god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . ' 
ghandi gone bad 
dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better 
trying to laugh at how bad 
high romance , 
all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another 
that hollywood expects people to pay to see it 
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast . 
's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can 
tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke 
a potentially trite and overused concept 
, brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 
bad company . 
rich 
a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots 
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story 
has performed a difficult task indeed 
to the film 's considerable charm 
is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 
are in perfect balance . 
that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system 
devoid of joy and energy 
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching . 
becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if 
may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 
love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness 
raw emotion 
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and 
imaginative filmmaker 
blatant derivativeness 
grinds itself out 
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , 
the right film 
that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen 
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , 
jolly 
succeeds 
the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . 
undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references 
by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience 
heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this 
the film is visually dazzling 
detached 
which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog 
so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump 
's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . 
, but i suspect it might deliver again and again . 
daytime tv serviceability , but little more 
since the evil dead 
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , 
that tells us nothing new 
spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns 
the film is extremely thorough . 
pandering 
did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy 
is needed to live a rich and full life . 
the very best of them 
honest performances and exceptional detail 
a touching , sophisticated film 
enjoyable ... 
a great writer and dubious human being 
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous 
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders 
jeong-hyang lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying . 
i do n't think this movie loves women at all . 
i never thought i 'd say this , but i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies ! 
stress-reducing 
ca n't recommend it . 
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil . 
to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved 
based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting 
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right 
the thornier aspects 
a life interestingly 
grows up 
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , 
the horrors 
off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper . 
too many 
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 
by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing 
the most creative , energetic and original 
the parents 
parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion ' 
slightly flawed 
did n't care . 
's such a mechanical endeavor ( that ) it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it 
is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 
stale first act , scrooge story , 
but also intriguing and honorable , 
that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing 
the tiresome rant 
glorified 
refreshing visit 
fun with it all 
kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script 
general absurdity 
the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- 
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style 
the best the contest received 
beneath the familiar , funny surface 
with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names 
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written 
avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away 
meeting , even exceeding expectations 
small , human moments 
a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people 
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one . 
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film 
is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 
got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem 
funny little movie 
gripping performances 
a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets 
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence 
terminally bland , 
excellent music 
from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet 
sometimes inadequate 
's mildly entertaining 
no surprises 
too overdone 
it 's a very very strong `` b + . '' 
a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic 
deny its seriousness and quality 
manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 
its occasional charms 
if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck . 
the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor 
i have a confession to make : i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy . 
the movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity . 
's impossible to shake . 
as boring and as obvious 
nor a cliché left unsaid 
peculiar and always entertaining 
sadly , ` garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . ' 
that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh 
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting . 
no entertainment value 
( t ) he ideas of revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution 
go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid 
, slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 
have pulled off four similar kidnappings before 
for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . 
first and 
filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran 
it 's an entertaining movie , and 
true to its animatronic roots 
imaginable 
very entertaining 
brings us right into the center of that world 
walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . 
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league 
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 
an insultingly unbelievable final act 
make it look as though they are having so much fun 
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool . 
christian love 
this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 
a good old-fashioned adventure 
stubbornly refused to gel 
a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten 
its magic 
as big a crowdpleaser as 
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 
for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love 
there is plenty of room for editing , 
wait for the video 
poetry in motion captured on film . 
that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice 
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy 
the year 's greatest adventure , 
recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out 
not a word of english 
leaving the theater with a smile on your face 
a pleasant and engaging enough sit 
there are laughs aplenty 
no good inside dope , and no particular bite 
thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances 
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , 
bomb 
critic-proof 
poetry in motion 
utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team 
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... 
a schlocky creature 
accept the characters and the film , flaws and all 
heartfelt and 
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way 
resurrection 
seedy clash 
it will probably be a talky bore . 
moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots 
arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation 
passing twinkle 
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . 
straight-ahead thriller 
's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x. 
it with ring , an indisputably spooky film 
seeing this trite , predictable rehash 
bidder 
is generous and deep 
swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 
its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace 
be considered career-best performances 
bigger and more ambitious than the first installment 
can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them 
thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks . 
by a bravura performance 
the best silly horror movies 
are masterfully controlled 
a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface 
be building suspense 
like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk 
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , 
beautifully made 
smart , steamy mix 
young talent 
darling 
in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 
like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form 
... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . 
's black hawk down with more heart 
what ( frei ) gives us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows . 
that makes as much of a mess as this one 
missed opportunities . 
lift the spirits of the whole family 
fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs 
most refreshing 
please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel 
instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness . 
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . 
a very real and amusing give-and-take 
built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness 
a forceful drama 
good b movies 
ultimately fails 
taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults 
uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion 
a moving experience for people who have n't read the book 
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness . 
percolating 
transparently hypocritical work 
a shrill , didactic cartoon 
, margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . 
a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality 
a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed 
is too long with too little 
ranks as the most original in years . 
its occasional charms are not to be dismissed . 
a potentially sudsy set-up 
is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . 
playful and haunting 
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- 
it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment 
an oscar nomination 
in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective 
the biggest names in japanese anime 
lawrence should stick to his day job . 
its 112-minute length 
dark , intelligent 
too erotic nor 
adam sandler assault 
his outstanding performance as bond in die 
works out 
engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . 
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing 
is spot on 
spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative 
embedded in the sexy demise of james dean 
through torture 
company once again dazzle and delight us 
for kids or their parents 
cute partnership 
hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian . 
adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong 
weaver and lapaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk . 
for intelligibility 
cliched to hardened indie-heads 
this oscar-nominated documentary 
be an enjoyable choice for younger kids 
make a nice coffee table book 
seems a prostituted muse 
a wise and powerful tale 
adams just copies 
between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . 
is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb 
cuisine and palatable presentation 
-- being real -- 
unspeakably , unbearably dull 
art-house to the core 
a new idea 
by a gritty style and an excellent cast 
bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness 
, the film is well worthwhile . 
the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness 
good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . 
worst 
, it 's contrived and predictable 
scope and 
conspicuous success 
tendency to slip into hokum 
's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 
more hackneyed elements 
its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints 
flat as a spoof 
a rich tale of our times 
but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds 
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or 
makes his films so memorable 
inexcusable 
are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones 
its unerring respect for them 
's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism 
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks 
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story 
geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 
spooky and subtly 
cheered at just that 
give `` scratch '' a second look 
make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman 
the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it . 
of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness 
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives 
, original 
with exquisite craftsmanship 
at a bad rock concert 
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves 
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness 
does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . ' 
the extravagant confidence 
impress 
, the acting is robotically italicized , 
this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart 
so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it 
numbing experience to watch 
the stories are quietly moving . 
high drama 
is simply too overdone . 
doltish and 
two dimension tale 
no solace here , 
above the rest 
run-of-the-mill profanity 
this is a very funny , heartwarming film . 
an athlete , a movie star 
you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on 
spot-on 
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor . 
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor 
has popped up with more mindless drivel 
what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light 
its playwriting 101 premise 
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho 
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy . 
maggie g. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen . 
one of the most exciting action films 
it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients . 
the awfulness of the movie 
like it 
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness 
if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances . 
a minor miracle in unfaithful 
educates 
the worst of tragedies 
it feels accidental 
few movies have ever approached 
you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair 
it is cruel 
as clear and reliable an authority on that 
is surprisingly refreshing 
love this 
there to scare while we delight in the images 
bo derek 
real masterpiece 
seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd . 
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree . 
a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic 
will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning . 
there 's no real sense of suspense , 
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand . 
just seem like a bad idea from frame one 
of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 
be forgettable 
a more credible script 
some of the most inventive 
that really tells the tale 
imposter makes a better short story than it does a film 
accomplished 
want my money back . 
's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling 
marvelous series 
backbone 
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood 
of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema 
odd and intriguing 
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but 
mimics everyone and everything 
at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema 
phenomenal , water-born cinematography 
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film . 
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness 
so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart 
well made 
this deeply touching melodrama 
gawky actor 
engrossing portrait 
somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 
full-length classic 
would go back and choose to skip it 
, the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor 
's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation . 
oscar-winning 
a positively thrilling combination 
brutal 90-minute battle sequence 
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible 
sacrificing its high-minded appeal 
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy 
the beauty 
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain 
signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema . 
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other 
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but 
you 're engulfed by it . 
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , 
life-affirming moments 
the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star 
warmth , wit and interesting characters 
of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue 
evolved from star to superstar some time 
if you have the patience for it 
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through . 
not enough puff 
chan 's uniqueness 
the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph 
it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second . 
the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell 
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned . 
feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema 
'' is an actor 's movie first and foremost . 
capable thriller 
labors as storytelling 
as well its delightful cast 
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay 
satisfies , 
favor of an altogether darker side 
admission for the ridicule factor 
the pleasure of his sounds and images 
rerun 
come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes 
amusing characters 
tiresome ugliness 
simply , and surprisingly , 
oddly colorful and 
about thoroughly vacuous people 
wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare 
believability 
, the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 
almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy 
hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out 
a downer and 
a tiresome cliché 
lousy guy ritchie imitation 
look bad 
this engaging film 
its lyrical variations on the game of love 
an amateurish screenplay 
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation 
oddly moving 
with phony imagery or music 
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher . 
is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick 
nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 
as fresh or enjoyable 
that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 
a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago 
narcissism 
, comedy and romance 
an actress 
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it . 
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare . 
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , 
borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy . 
director david fincher and writer david koepp ca n't sustain it . 
a sense of dramatic urgency 
`` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme 
'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 
appreciated 
of four fine 
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , 
to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack 
director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates . 
to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd 
swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit . 
most sparkling 
from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel 
is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film . 
toss it 
tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship 
i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 
too much exploitation and too little 
may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black 
timeless 
it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés 
is too mainstream 
a dreary tract 
a step further , 
have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 
constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need 
brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) . 
feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject 
if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll love this movie . 
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- 
its low groan-to-guffaw ratio 
clichés and sneering humor 
looks closely , insightfully 
make you feel like a sucker 
choppy and 
self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence 
's just rather leaden and dull . 
definitely worth 
best work 
may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping . 
callow 
look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic . 
his outstanding performance 
remains a perfect wildean actor 
on-screen chemistry 
that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 
would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop 
a great way 
it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home 
difficulty 
creeping in others 
lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 
untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate 
, obnoxious 88-minute 
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's . 
a beauty to behold 
an overly-familiar set 
a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility . 
that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs 
yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time 
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . 
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama . 
is that it counts heart as important as humor . 
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek 
operatic 
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must ! 
like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before 
got to my inner nine-year-old 
alienating most 
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama 
death 
holm does his sly , intricate magic 
works beautifully as a movie 
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , 
make chan 's action sequences boring . 
's unique and quirky about canadians 
deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion 
the year 's best 
the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm 
of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids 
scant 
overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama 
well worthwhile 
decent ` intro ' documentary 
combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller . 
sick character 
the world they love and make 
of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name 
sight gags 
whimsicality , 
amazingly evocative film from three decades ago 
too burdened by the actor 
sentimental journey 
failing , 
where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad 
a terrific screenplay and 
why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 
the better of obnoxious adults 
maturity 
iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce . 
portuguese master manoel de oliviera 
works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . 
's being conned right up to the finale 
the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive 
this unrelenting bleak insistence 
a sad , soggy potboiler 
goofy , nutty , consistently funny . 
the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success 
too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style 
hearts and minds 
a great director 
'll enjoy this movie . 
if you do n't understand what on earth is going on 
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult 
looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise 
has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else 
the rotting underbelly 
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting . 
treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds 
has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had 
, david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . 
predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol 
an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller 
hideous 
jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging . 
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you . 
emotionally distant piece 
it should be done cinematically 
it 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration . 
expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show 
made the full monty a smashing success ... but 
while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii . 
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker 
an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep 
it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film . 
fascinating connections 
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions . 
with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life 
give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy . 
need a stronger stomach than us 
just another teen movie , 
've grown tired of going where no man has gone before 
my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it 
this listless feature will win him any new viewers 
feel sorry 
a wild ride 
feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal 
: the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . 
can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality . 
arresting little ride 
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil . 
eye-popping 
juiced with enough energy and excitement 
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots 
top-notch creative team 
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 
a great cast 
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds 
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart 
is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough 
that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them 
forged in still-raw emotions 
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness 
offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . 
about sorority boys 
heartening in the same way 
( t ) his slop 
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and 
need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry 
affirming and heartbreaking 
a relative letdown . 
smoother 
little uneven 
a monster movie 
whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story 
know what it wants to be 
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . 
a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something 
, they succeed 
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , 
exhilarating documentary 
alternately touching and funny 
's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism 
of ` ethnic cleansing 
, i was entranced . 
worth a 
satire and unabashed sweetness 
obscenely 
disappointing to a certain degree 
an asian neo-realist treasure . 
rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , 
barely tolerable 
all-enveloping movie experience 
sink into melancholia 
soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore 
characteristically startling visual style 
the film was better than saving private ryan 
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny 
remarkable film 
be the movie you 're looking for 
that old adage about women being unknowable 
a major-league leading lady 
thematically 
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens . 
the riveting performances 
beautifully shot 
, the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 
captivating new film . 
like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless 
favor 
family-friendly comedy 
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms is n't it . 
is that it 's actually watchable 
bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans 
is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life 
a gentle and engrossing character study . 
is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way 
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but 
seriously intended 
the sequel 
of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story 
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay . 
does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 
comes together as a coherent whole . 
a smashing success 
over-blown drama 
wholly 
film a must for everyone from junior scientists 
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker 
a majestic achievement 
it does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain . 
more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer 
flies out the window 
find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology 
` terrorists 
as darkly funny , 
before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 
intoxicating 
just more of the same 
is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 
is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year . 
you have to see it . 
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy 
this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot . 
they turn out to be delightfully compatible here 
orgasm 
pleasantly and 
the show 's concept 
been too many of these films 
of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry 
sweet treasure and something 
the actors pick up the slack 
realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject 
the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways . 
life , hand gestures , and 
a huge sacrifice of character and mood 
suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 
it 's too long 
just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . 
almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 
the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still 
of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 
the plot makes no sense 
you 'll enjoy this movie . 
my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . 
a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones 
plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film 
as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery 
believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects 
mumbles his way through the movie . 
any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions 
bill plympton , the animation master , 
, triumphant , 
without any of the pretension associated with the term 
snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure . 
're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination 
done that ... a thousand times already 
by then 
distinguished and thoughtful film 
's not a great monster movie . 
the marvelous first 101 minutes 
spontaneous intimacy 
worth a look as a curiosity . 
supposed to be a romantic comedy 
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake 
gutter romancer 's 
character-driven storytelling 
befallen every other carmen before her 
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices . 
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up . 
make a delightful comedy centering on food 
this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 
spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences . 
sillier 
diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack 
pray has really done his subject justice . 
peppering the pages with memorable zingers 
drowned me in boredom 
an intelligent romantic thriller 
with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably 
are funny . 
oscar nomination 
ugly , revolting 
the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain . 
sidesplitting 
seems to play on a 10-year delay 
with unimpeachable clarity 
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare . 
loud and offensive , but more often 
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory 
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence . 
creeps into your heart . 
reeking of research library dust 
a sweetly 
get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized 
a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 
outweigh the positives 
absolutely amazing 
food 
the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability 
engaging , 
bright , inventive 
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , 
about nothing 
comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . 
you should see this movie 
uniquely 
rather bland 
manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . 
is never satisfactory . 
the movie 's captivating details 
a beautifully observed character piece . 
better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least 
become one of our best actors 
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes . 
familiar and tired 
highly uneven and inconsistent ... 
with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present 
forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot 
mesmerizing cinematic poem 
see it twice 
bolstered by exceptional performances 
will forgive the flaws and love the film . 
a successful adaptation and 
what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once . 
half-assed 
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away . 
special effect 
all plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out . 
own idiosyncratic way 
extra-dry 
driven by a natural sense for what works 
viewed as pure composition and form -- 
seem like the proper cup of tea 
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture . 
're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . 
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy 
lively intelligence 
a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 
's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest 
is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn 
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film . 
some buoyant human moments 
a mediocre movie 
as tryingly as the title 
a cinema classic 
temperamental 
most personal 
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , 
poetry 
is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters . 
dark , gritty , sometimes funny 
will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience . 
that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country 
the delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two 
is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 
one funny popcorn 
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime 
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , 
a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices . 
a charm 
of fighting hard for something that really matters 
in addition to being very funny 
predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 
but certainly hard to hate 
believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals 
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller . 
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory 
sounds like horrible poetry 
contentedly 
is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail . 
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film . 
buy is an accomplished actress , and 
some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - 
certainly hard to hate 
mawkish self-parody 
true events 
quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers . 
sharp comic timing 
a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past 
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : 
a pretty good overall picture of the situation 
has really done his subject justice . 
feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 
rush through 
humanize its subject 
instead , it 'll only put you to sleep . 
welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees 
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated 
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him . 
a better movie experience 
takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers . 
amaze 
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular . 
a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense 
to hate 
as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone 
something a little more special behind it 
a spielberg trademark 
merely bad 
prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design 
the artificial structure 
druggy and self-indulgent 
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and 
, builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with 
flat and 
cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits 
overbearing and 
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees 
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry 
surprisingly engrossing 
create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 
observant , unfussily poetic 
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is . 
as crisp and to the point 
their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse 
will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face 
fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller 
questions cinema 's capability for recording truth . 
, is painterly . 
a welcome relief 
's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good 
be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable 
a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer 
good action 
a downward narcotized spiral 
every moment crackles with tension 
will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination 
trapped at a bad rock concert 
pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics 
smart , sassy and 
a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness 
that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself 
its unadorned view 
uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 
fitting 
you feel good 
by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices 
work because there is no foundation for it 
is nicely shot , well-edited 
, you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 
elevate `` glory '' 
the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man 
todd solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique 
desperate 
a movie where story is almost an afterthought 
is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks . 
genre cliches 
for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance 
`` shock humor '' will wear thin on all 
good-naturedly 
it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson 
the past 20 minutes looking at your watch 
the first film so special 
put away 
, sobering , heart-felt drama 
the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks 
manic and energetic 
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic 
astonishing ... ( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment 
several uninteresting , unlikeable people 
while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time . 
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions . 
virtually absent 
make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and 
a gracious , eloquent film 
top shelf 
choppiness 
is a children 's film in the truest sense . 
it 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor . 
provides amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest 
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before . 
very well-written and 
missed the point 
combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . 
is nothing redeeming about this movie 
which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience 
, paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . 
of blaxploitation flicks 
likeable 
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are 
recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time 
what he could make with a decent budget 
if you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with jason x. 
pretty contagious fun 
slaloming through its hackneyed elements 
formidable arithmetic 
consistently clever and suspenseful . 
vivid characters 
as south park 
is a bowser . 
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft . 
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives . 
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences . 
is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film . 
can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that 
holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them 
well-written as sexy beast 
has one strike against it 
laugh 
of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions 
a sheer unbridled delight 
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; 
certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . 
survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller 
the dreadfulness 
the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense 
would be very sweet indeed 
solidly constructed , entertaining thriller 
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 
dumb 
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script 
know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money 
clear and reliable an authority 
entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal 
of how very bad a motion picture can truly be 
even if you 've seen `` stomp '' ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! 
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock . 
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and 
to a dumb story 
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed . 
a speedy swan dive 
remarkable movie 
has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 
's the perfect star vehicle for grant 
skims over the realities of gay sex 
the biggest problem with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa 
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence 
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos 
a frustrating ` tweener ' 
yet another visit 
three splendid actors 
a shrewd and effective film 
replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 
wannabe 
( reno ) delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . 
's probably not easy to make such a worthless film 
that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist 
you can do no wrong with jason x. 
kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare . 
'll wait in vain for a movie to happen 
the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt . 
painfully padded . 
sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , 
particularly amateurish 
desperately wishing you could change tables 
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish 
convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers 
ca n't really be called animation 
to a few rather than dozens 
unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach 
torments and angst 
have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role 
enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . 
ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous 
can prevent its tragic waste of life 
, intelligent eyes 
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned 
is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve 
villains 
hefty helping 
laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 
a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families 
, despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste 
offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . 
a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 
i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls 
bold choices 
still show virtually no understanding of it 
are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude 
in this crass , low-wattage endeavor 
shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale 
of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation 
's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated 
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening . 
a bad premise 
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death 
there 's no energy . 
this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal . 
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ? 
people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 
crash-and-bash action 
's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage . 
wilco fans will have a great time , 
no real point 
warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality 
wizened 
and neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are . 
thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . 
provide much more insight 
is a pretty decent little documentary . 
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived 
what bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie 
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title . 
seasonal holiday kids 
both exuberantly romantic and serenely 
to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man 
are infectious 
drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap 
moodiness 
it 's a sit down and ponder affair 
confined 
cho 's timing is priceless . 
a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron 
grows on you . 
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 
, yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 
something rare and riveting : 
watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination 
are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense 
uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them . 
squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story 
heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind 
its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters 
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas 
honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers 
vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop . 
, the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 
is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest 
is ingenious fun . 
fine , nuanced lead performances 
saddens 
stunning 
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man 
wide-smiling reception 
emotionally strong and 
the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music 
a heroine as feisty and 
will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche 
serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it . 
the movie is silly beyond comprehension 
relentlessly depressing 
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience . 
sweetness and 
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining 
music you may not have heard before 
in a fat man 's navel 
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely 
devastating 
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , 
the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all 
the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes 
false 
compellingly 
flamboyant style 
old-fashioned hollywood magic 
the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 
strong themes of familial ties and 
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale 
real-life persona 
a rich and intelligent film 
yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film . 
wewannour money back 
outlandish 
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not . 
with fewer gags to break the tedium . 
drumline is its energy 
curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget 
visual clarity and deeply 
, indie trick 
-- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness 
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia . 
lacks in substance 
arnold is not , nor will he be , back 
the land 
goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun 
most compelling 
this slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon . 
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope 
... margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 
dramatic things happen to people 
an engaging and intimate first feature 
be profane 
deserve a passing grade 
to the gifted korean american stand-up 
is a remarkably accessible and haunting film 
unable 
draws its considerable power from simplicity . 
in increasingly incoherent fashion 
witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals 
crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins 
complexity 
full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 
proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 
traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but 
at three hours and with very little story or character development 
seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending 
see this terrific film 
with a tone as variable as the cinematography 
historic 
soulful , incisive meditation 
filled with raw emotions 
no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract 
finest 
manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . 
was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 
treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody . 
the engaging , 
one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies 
if only it were , well , funnier . 
is just a little bit hard to love . 
wise 
's a scorcher 
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening . 
i like that smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them . 
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending 
the emotions seem authentic 
's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth . 
named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort 
he gives none to the audience 
foreign culture only 
blast 
mentally `` superior '' friends 
for a movie that tries to be smart 
's stylishly directed with verve ... 
) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk . 
cold , calculated exercise 
we 've seen it all before in one form or another 
wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater 
's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year . 
suited neither 
that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati 
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect 
make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not 
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , 
a bit too eager to please . 
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , 
there is a real subject here 
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy . 
leaves a lot to be desired 
the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain 
more appealing 
sucking you in ... and making you sweat 
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . 
victim 
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination 
the problem with all of this : it 's not really funny . 
lulls you into a gentle waking coma . 
manages , with terrific flair 
seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material 
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , 
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a 
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing 
considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve 
director douglas mcgrath 
delightful comedy 
turgid 
makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness 
then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years . 
love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots . 
's coherent , well shot 
playful iranian parable 
picked me up , swung me around 
into an ocean of trouble 
the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes 
gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script . 
equally derisive 
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out . 
bad stage dialogue 
it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 
forgettably 
olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama 
enjoyment 
brosnan 's finest non-bondish performance 
there 's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x. 
strangely impersonal and abstract 
a spirited film and a must-see 
muddled , 
succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . 
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful 
the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble 
frightening war scenes 
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy 
the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic . 
a powerful , inflammatory film 
112-minute 
entirely successful 
crude and unrelentingly exploitative 
a weirdly beautiful place 
in a sick , twisted sort of way 
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie 
disguise 24/7 
become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking 
a true cinematic knack 
makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest 
, uncertain film 
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational 
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness 
because they 're clueless and inept 
bad the film 's story does not live up to its style 
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and 
hollywood ending just is n't very funny . 
may be convinced that he has something significant to say 
are side stories aplenty 
is painterly 
it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't 
dragons 
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing . 
jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor . 
that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen 
techno-tripe 
will talk about for hours . 
that it is instead a cheap cliché 
the gorgeous piano and 
musty 
is n't mainly suspense or excitement . 
terrific performance 
volatile 
this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title . 
to keep things interesting 
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron . 
's self-defeatingly decorous 
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see . 
what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script 
a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized 
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia . 
is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos . 
works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance . 
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner laurence coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage 
be funny , uplifting and moving , 
a glimmer of intelligence or invention 
grandness 
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they 'll get plenty ) 
is marveilleux . 
told well 
with all its botches 
it 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies . 
is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree 
gets around to its real emotional business 
gooeyness 
has a flair for dialogue comedy 
certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either . 
dashing and resourceful hero 
return to form for director peter bogdanovich 
up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action 
-- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- 
freddy gets molested by a dog 
everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar 
a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) 
arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone 
funny and , in the end , 
rich historical subject 
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics 
to do a little fleeing of its own 
lost his touch 
feel good 
, pretentious 
a historic scandal 
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters 
it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 
as best actress 
great movie 
in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel 's closely watched trains and danis tanovic 's no man 's land . 
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers 
are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones 
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter 
as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material 
is disappointingly generic . 
a choke leash 
inimitable 
charming , funny and beautifully crafted import 
this frozen tundra soap opera 
ludicrous terms 
in which the kids in the house will be gored 
heartfelt concern 
if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ... 
that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime 
, old-fashioned-movie movie 
see all summer 
older and wiser eyes , 
as lumpy as two-day old porridge 
begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy 
genres that just does n't work 
the grandness of romance 
is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon . 
not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it would be all that interesting . 
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece 
it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers 
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché 
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment . 
offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves 
gimmicks 
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , 
gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements 
quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin 
inventive action sequences 
your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience . 
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer . 
but something far more stylish and cerebral 
generous and 
nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 
is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity . 
, meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 
by its smallness 
, the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 
of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes 
from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories 
meaningful historical context 
new friends 
canada 's arctic light 
a bad idea from frame one 
eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 
glaring 
, solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy 
tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic 
compelling , amusing and unsettling 
the fetid underbelly of fame 
is top shelf 
will most likely doze off during this one . 
can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . 
necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 
you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie 
doubt it 
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing 
done , but slow 
possible argentine american beauty reeks 
fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 
a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue 
the power of strong voices 
about identity and alienation 
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring . 
with love for the movies of the 1960s 
mostly martha is mostly unsurprising 
's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . 
because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin 
, that 's a liability . 
of academic skullduggery and politics 
had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 
anachronistic quick edits and 
enjoyable comedy 
ken russell would love this . 
the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent 
, common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha . 
writer-director david jacobson 
the observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony . 
made nature film and a tribute 
( stevens is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits . 
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . 
after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . 
is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture 
will linger long after this film has ended . 
that are damned in queen of the damned 
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . 
subtle and richly internalized performance 
score points for political correctness 
really , really good things can come in enormous packages 
with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors 
i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close . 
hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms . 
do that is really funny 
to and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests 
just about the best straight-up 
a personal low 
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , 
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful . 
a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people 
bounces around with limp wrists 
definitely gives you something to chew on 
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount 
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . 
even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player 
, the more details slip out between his fingers . 
comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible 
if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special . 
this is a must ! 
gentle , mesmerizing portrait 
this exciting new filmmaker 
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic 
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film 
your kids 
outside of burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken 
silly comedy 
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and 
is that it goes nowhere 
rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness 
's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller 
street-smart 
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story . 
's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents 
recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it 
an adventure story and history lesson all in one 
the locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand . 
that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other 
damon and 
the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . 
even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 
is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances 
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . 
the worst possibilities 
incredible imax sound system 
nudity , profanity and violence 
because it made him feel powerful 
love and culture 
sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati 
begins on a high note 
the redeeming feature 
that there 's really not much of a sense of action 
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks . 
yes , it 's as good as you remember . 
is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause . 
all the earmarks of french cinema at its best 
for no apparent reason except 
it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory 
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic . 
the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum 
brought to life on the big screen . 
caught up in an intricate plot 
contrived as this may sound , mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well . 
's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film 
lane and 
being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 
who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor 
've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane 
musicals back 40 years 
the film works 
illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , 
chronically 
presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? 
does steven seagal come across these days ? 
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism . 
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 
can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off 
wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon 
might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine 
the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 
have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy 
has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic 
long workout 
well paced and satisfying little drama 
is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring . 
, what an idea , what a thrill ride . 
with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect 
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue 
like the best of godard 's movies 
an idea of expectation 
normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable . 
an unholy mess , 
's a talking head documentary , but a great one . 
but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 
emphasizes the well-wrought story and 
solidly constructed 
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze 
will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 
similar obsessions can dominate a family 
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and 
a major director is emerging in world cinema 
has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable . 
the film lapses 
well-lensed 
stylish sizzle 
terrible 
rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours 
the timeless spectacle 
the world 's best actors , 
the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit 
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and 
soderbergh 's best films , `` 
wobbly 
was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends 
a family-oriented non-disney film 
have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes 
copout 
the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions 
with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else 
is oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that 
suspend your disbelief here and now , 
a nearly 21/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent . 
( seagal 's ) strenuous attempt at a change in expression 
surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . '' 
be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world 
for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and 
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant . 
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . ' 
why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way . 
may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother 
with their charisma 
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , 
ultimately empty examination 
may not 
is an absolute delight for all audiences 
farts 
goes on and on to the point of nausea . 
a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect 
is still very much worth 
the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions 
a welcome , if downbeat , missive 
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background . 
a hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol . 
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief 
a thriller , and the performances 
nearly terminal 
... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus 
scandal 
showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . 
there 's no rooting interest 
the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard . 
jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar . 
a marvel of production design 
so pertinent and enduring 
when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . ' 
and crude humor 
put on an intoxicating show . 
, combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture 
like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 
has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists 
astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one 
victim to sloppy plotting , 
of renegade-cop tales 
doze off during this one 
... it 's robert duvall ! 
peels layers 
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe . 
's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
undeniably touched 
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays . 
sucked 
no lika 
as an intense political and psychological thriller 
dawns , comic relief 
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow . 
it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't . 
stay 
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly 
small ... 
at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i 
i 'm all for that 
which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through 
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative . 
home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . 
truly distinctive 
an aimlessness 
understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie 
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair . 
lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison 
some fairly unsettling scenes 
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking . 
in a movie full of surprises 
solid , satisfying fare 
unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form 
inspiring and 
there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it 
frothy ` date movie ' ... 
'' astounds . 
painfully forced , 
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , 
familiar you might as well be watching a rerun 
mere plot pawn 
sequel-for-the-sake 
there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans 
unique and entertaining 
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall . 
a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind 
as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick 
is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence 
hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking 
so much farcical 
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish . 
it may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns . 
in trapped 
horrendously confusing 
a reader 's digest condensed version 
a pitch-perfect holden 
going wrong 
, wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . 
dirty old man 
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable 
elegantly 
based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis 
holding equilibrium up 
's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon 
passionate , tumultuous affair 
fascinating and 
most entertaining 
while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances 
on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 
of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe 
the trifecta of badness 
steadfast 
it 's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all . 
the worst movie of 2002 
to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 
is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains . 
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works . 
abject suffering 
93 minutes of unrecoverable life 
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and 
've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement 
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star 
dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important 
we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , 
with color and depth , and rather a good time 
despicable 
several strong performances 
often-funny comedy 
they ca n't go wrong . 
in ireland over a man 
that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell 
's always enthralling . 
that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways 
sadistic bike flick 
might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds 
far too tragic 
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination . 
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . 
, this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing 
the ` wow ' factor 
a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 
is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract . 
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces 
that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours 
, it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous . 
is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 
unusually tame 
runs around and 
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings 
striking new significance 
filmed directly from a television monitor 
stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 
embellishment 
no wrong 
depressing to see how far herzog has fallen 
of purpose and even-handedness 
concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt . 
is mostly a bore 
uncomfortably real 
three-hour cinema master class . 
accuracy 
more mature than fatal attraction 
coordinated his own dv poetry 
's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters . 
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 
stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel . 
handsomely 
the horrifying historical reality 
aging , suffering and the prospect of death 
has something fascinating 
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary . 
gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways 
undeniable social realism 
a smart little indie . 
too hard to be mythic 
is the central flaw of the film 
its compassionate spirit 
of the best rock 
weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next 
terrorism 
larded 
of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers 
it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo . 
believable and 
fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters 
a saga 
often exciting 
ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production 
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations . 
who are alternately touching and funny 
manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust 
a feast for the eyes 
's never dull 
doubt the filmmakers ' motives 
in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness 
otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists 
its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through 
the problem with wendigo 
then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ... 
's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly 
certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes 
gifted korean american stand-up 
proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure 
claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem . 
funny thrill 
the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted 
the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer . 
jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . 
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth . 
is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . 
treasure . 
watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard . 
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago 
it is n't particularly funny 
are fascinating 
a coming-of-age movie that hollywood would n't have the guts to make . 
bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star 
subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements 
as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it 
when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene 
drag two-thirds through 
which ones shtick 
should have been a painless time-killer 
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment 
, we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized . 
love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . 
great for the kids 
town 
are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy . 
nice to see what he could make with a decent budget 
suffers from all the excesses of the genre . 
meandering and confusing 
does n't quite get there 
coming close to bowling you over 
captivating as the rowdy participants think it is 
works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . 
, much ado about something is an amicable endeavor . 
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , 
struggling nobody 
heady , biting , be-bop 
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes 
challenges 
created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 
its welcome with audiences several years 
better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies 
an awful movie 
uptight , middle 
that is beyond playing fair with the audience 
as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , 
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men 
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- 
thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment 
there are for children and dog lovers 
adorable italian guys . 
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness . 
because he gives the story some soul 
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other . 
's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre . 
near miss 
in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve 
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish 
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations . 
no big whoop , 
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital 
greatness 
the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself 
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger . 
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer . 
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz 
the material is so second-rate 
of a been-there , done-that sameness 
searing performances 
another useless recycling of a brutal mid 
crafty and 
pubescent 
wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender 
they do n't fit well together and 
this project was undertaken 
laughed at 
lost his touch , 
one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies 
run out of clever ideas and visual gags 
whimsicality 
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant 
she 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations . 
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one 
is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start . 
mystic 
i have a new favorite musical -- and i 'm not even a fan of the genre 
at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen 
that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for 
mostly repetitive 
its heightened , well-shaped dramas 
a deceptively casual ode 
surprisingly short of both adventure and song 
keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats 
be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something 
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes 
a smile , just sneers and bile 
turn out okay 
the annoying score 
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy 
belly laughs 
emptiness and 
the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and 
affirming 
is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction 
convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons 
that memorable , 
is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party 
that this bold move works 
it 's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud . 
the filmmaker 's characteristic style 
sparse instances 
posey 
's also too stupid 
borderline insulting 
find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story 
`` austin powers in goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 
an absolute delight for all audiences 
alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music 
's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 
, outrageous , ingenious 
dry , reliable textbook 
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , 
of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee 
new treasure 
quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles 
a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film 
strong narrative 
an inexperienced director , 
on cotton candy 
the trees hooting it 's praises 
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but 
the story 's pathetic and 
a deserved co-winner 
, safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 
has become the master of innuendo . 
puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less . 
george 's haplessness and 
nazi politics and aesthetics 
plots that never quite gel 
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable . 
a story for more than four minutes 
she loves them to pieces 
interesting social 
each watered down the version of the one before 
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice 
the re-release of ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages . 
greenlight 
the film is not only a love song to the movies 
becomes simply a monster chase film 
trademark grin 
you 'll like it . 
affectation 
annoying and artificial 
the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez 
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it 
you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine . 
watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert 
often strains 
virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it 
the way 
we 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher . 
made by a proper , middle-aged woman . 
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is . 
in fact , it does n't even seem like she tried . 
deliver a fair bit of vampire fun 
mr. polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival . 
the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 
with little visible talent and no energy 
its lack of poetic frissons 
's not entirely memorable 
taking them 
complex and quirky , but entirely believable 
scratching your head in amazement over the fact 
the highly predictable narrative 
the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful . 
times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp 
an enjoyable above average summer diversion . 
is robotically italicized 
, albeit half-baked , 
take me back to a time 
a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic 
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage . 
collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension 
one of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar 
lack contrast , are murky and 
comes across as a fairly weak retooling . 
that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern 
it should pay reparations to viewers . 
screen magic 
an entirely stale concept 
leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout 
plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before 
ordinary , pasty lumpen 
embarrassment . 
fun . 
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- 
a classy , sprightly spin on film . 
is a mess . 
is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 
the mediterranean sparkles 
eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss 
of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film 
restrictive 
is n't 
even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking 
true cinematic knack 
a great way to spend 4 units of your day 
, the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about . 
down memory lane 
are often more predictable than their consequences 
succeeds in entertaining , 
leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . 
able to give full performances 
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth 
irrepressible passion 
most accomplished work 
arresting image 
will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . '' 
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it 
've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness 
dubious product 
extraordinary film 
lack depth or complexity , 
beautiful , angry and sad , 
sublimely lofty 
joyous communal festival 
, never rises above the level of a telanovela . 
in its over-the-top way 
miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 
more sophisticated and 
waters it down 
that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady 
astonishing ... 
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama . 
somehow makes it all the more compelling . 
fine star performances 
your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna 's cameo does n't suck ! 
its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images 
the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 
it 's lousy 
one of those so-so films that could have been much better . 
is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams 
whose legacy had begun to bronze 
derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films 
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , 
the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly 
the stunt work is top-notch ; 
animation back 30 years , 
female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor 
are very expressive . 
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago . 
the kind of social texture and realism 
denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film 
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but 
dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances 
far superior film 
is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap . 
the visual flair and bouncing bravado 
's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring 
daft by half ... but 
is hartley 's least accessible screed 
while the movie is slightly less successful than the first 
boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival 
top-notch 
endlessly superficial . 
have one saving grace 
birot 's 
's surprisingly decent 
an inspirational love story 
best short story writing 
the best , 
a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings 
a little scattered 
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and 
could dredge up 
a world of hurt 
the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying 
never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days . 
is dudsville 
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan . 
goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 
the cinematography is atrocious 
traditional romantic 
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , 
a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score 
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and 
there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff 
the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid 
under its own meager weight 
numbing experience 
impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story 
some laughs and 
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . 
a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters 
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment 
feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life 
stale , futile scenario 
something really good 
navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless . 
a realistic , non-exploitive approach 
try and evade 
manages to delight without much of a story . 
is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . 
junk-calorie suspense tropes 
a good , hard yank 
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set 
more good than great 
running on empty , 
cloying messages and irksome characters 
gets off with a good natured warning 
is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky 
a cut-and-paste 
is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else . 
just send it to cranky . 
the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 
it is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise . 
the movie is certainly easy to watch . 
good action , good acting , good dialogue 
with first love sweetly 
about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man 
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community . 
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles 
beautifully designed 
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid . 
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material . 
misfire 
boring before i see this piece of crap again 
a hugely enjoyable film 
-- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity 
deeply biased , 
we were soldiers 
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , 
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak 
makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude 
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises 
no `` waterboy 
a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 
a dim 
makes it look like a masterpiece 
she gets to fulfill her dreams 
is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force 
the cleverness 
to some talented performers 
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company 
one strike against it 
a class by itself 
a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait 
who deserve but rarely receive it 
mainstream audiences have rarely seen 
, secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 
buckaroo 
the movie 's sophomoric blend 
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever 
come to life 
a knockout of a closing line 
schneider 's performance is so fine 
is a great film 
that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 
half the fun of college football games 
other than fling gags at it 
it just seems manufactured to me and artificial 
dismiss 
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser 
cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects 
obnoxious special effects 
's cliche to call the film ` refreshing 
guarantee 
statements and dime-store ruminations 
the superficial tensions 
manufactured to claim street credibility 
breathtakingly assured and stylish work 
, smart and complicated 
riveting and surprisingly romantic ride 
directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 
a provocative 
compromising that complexity 
being wasabi 's big selling point 
moving 
a spotty script 
still has a sense of his audience 
curves 
the funnybone thanks 
smallness 
about an adult male dressed in pink jammies 
what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 
freewheeling trash-cinema roots 
is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins . 
has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection . 
maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine 
sheerly cinematic appeal 
gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels 
forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be 
flashy editing style 
of the best movies of the year 
that takes itself all too seriously 
barbershop is n't as funny as it should be 
built-in audience 
, this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny . 
being unique 
creative composure 
uncompromising knowledge 
a whimper 
a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger . 
the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood . 
to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material 
each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial 
begins as a seven rip-off , 
should stick to his day job . 
trapped and 
makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty 
simply astounding 
a more annoying , though 
interesting storyline 
this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , 
beautifully detailed performances 
forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . 
stylish exercise 
werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken 
virtually impossible 
people act weird 
jaded 
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title 
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and 
through the audience 's meat grinder one more 
place and personal identity 
enduring strengths 
what 's missing from this material 
deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later 
in an increasingly important film industry and 
fresh , unforced naturalism 
of its own brilliance 
derivative and hammily 
quite tasty and 
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming . 
might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts 
pollution 
neglecting character development 
never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them . 
comes to life in the performances . 
as single-minded as john carpenter 's original 
is definitely a director to watch . 
somnambulant exercise 
be in video stores by christmas 
combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller 
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment 
insufferable 
scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 
the soulful gravity 
weird amalgam 
spin hopelessly out 
inadvertent ones 
derived from a lobotomy , 
an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband 
of the long list of renegade-cop tales 
completely awful iranian drama 
welcomes 
full , irritating display 
overcome its weaknesses 
impossible 
( less a movie than ) 
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level . 
me want to scream 
one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being . 
enjoyed barbershop 
the dry humor 
may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie . 
nothing else to watch 
it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry 
no art 
it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen 
the surface histrionics 
what makes this film special 
make a classic theater piece 
look like cheap hysterics 
by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life 
boring despite the scenery 
when are bears bears and 
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it . 
wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching . 
night out 
flexible 
pleasing verisimilitude 
is banal in its message and the choice of material 
, he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . 
does n't transcend genre 
's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor 
animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 
takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers 
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others . 
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made 
low-budget series 
brilliant 
furiously 
confessions may not be a straightforward bio 
love 
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility 
a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one 
rush to the theater for this one 
earnest study 
its shortcomings 
does probably as good a job as anyone 
the story together frustrating difficult 
plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 . 
is spot 
fallen 
mainstream hollywood 
, but also more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard 
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances 
generous , inspiring 
makes the heart soar 
) just too bratty for sympathy 
run out of gas 
is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered 
does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple 
a true star 
simplistic , silly and tedious 
the courage of its convictions 
commander-in-chief 
blue crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be . 
to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece 
the match that should be used to burn every print of the film 
is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale 
exploitation flick 
slam-bang 
during the tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` chan moment ' . 
some savvy producer 
george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years . 
the great pity 
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun . 
's nothing remotely topical or sexy here . 
instead go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance 
's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars 
is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon 
that 's enough to sustain laughs 
by writer-director kurt wimmer 
a well-made pizza 
the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre 
we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching . 
is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack 
while bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals 
nonconformist 
running on empty 
fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more 
a very distinctive sensibility , 
nothing funny 
charm or 
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction 
, decisive moments 
is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten 
ruin 
goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals 
that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure 
good-natured ensemble comedy 
laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in 
of small-town competition 
through sincerity 
the uncompromising knowledge 
saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops 
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes . 
bland hotels , highways , parking lots 
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' 
informative , intriguing , observant , 
give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film 
unlikable 
exceedingly memorable 
affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship 
's definitely worth 
has a spirit that can not be denied 
garbage . 
distinguished film legacy 
their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 
even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck 
bask in your own cleverness 
i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) . 
the long list of renegade-cop tales 
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , 
into a classic genre 
feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids 
exposé , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . 
is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . 
reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth 
this orange has some juice , 
to the head of the class of women 's films 
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here 
a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall 
family responsibility and care 
falls into the trap of pretention 
the subtle direction 
the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings 
comes out looking like something wholly original 
on an inferior level 
inferior level 
children 's entertainment , superhero comics , 
a cheap scam 
the most original american productions this year 
the fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it . 
a battle between bug-eye theater and dead-eye 
this a high water mark for this genre 
clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence . 
have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face 
jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations 
lasting impression 
enough interest 
sustains a higher plateau 
-- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- 
utter lack 
why i have given it a one-star rating 
captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury 
underdone potato 
the best film of the year 2002 . 
admirable energy , 
eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , 
of sexy intrigue 
patient and tenacious 
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report . 
natural affability 
redundant and inauthentic 
steals 
romp of a film . 
comedy spectacle 
since beauty and the beast 
pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon 
iconic 
terrific casting 
, not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels 
remarkably alluring 
as clever 
makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 
expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash 
how bad his movie is 
loved the people onscreen , 
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 
of interest 
suitable 
continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage . 
are wasted in it 
a nice little story 
treads old turf 
for silly summer entertainment 
as if he or she has missed anything 
layered , well-developed characters 
hipness 
who could too easily become comic relief in any other film 
the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it . 
from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal 
a great missed opportunity 
i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old . 
payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . 
a visual treat for all audiences 
was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great 
does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up 
i 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper . 
this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people 
a cutting hollywood satire 
tragic waste 
devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama 
, warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . 
can see without feeling embarrassed 
that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 
about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love 
who are trying to make their way through this tragedy 
to one of those ignorant 
serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context 
it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 
be talking about the film once you exit the theater 
to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 
a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood 
of the smarter offerings the horror genre 
darkly funny and frequently insightful 
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god 
is a goofy pleasure 
gorgeously elaborate continuation 
sandbox 
our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile 
ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . 
gratingly unfunny groaner 
acclaimed 
lingering creepiness one 
frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment 
playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 
glaring and unforgettable . 
merits 
on a potentially interesting idea 
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo . 
film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly 
is slow to those of us in middle age 
too good 
, singing , and unforgettable characters 
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime . 
the film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking . 
, it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't . 
very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors 
a splash 
whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau 
manage to be spectacularly outrageous 
confident , richly 
sitting through this one 
push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time 
asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life 
any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster 
two tedious 
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy 
this aging series 
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable 
within the seas of their personalities 
a beautiful canvas 
light-hearted way 
adrift , bentley and hudson 
an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight 
, charming 
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable . 
looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it 
he slaps together his own brand of liberalism 
it the adventures of direct-to-video nash 
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , 
just as endearing and easy 
is credible and remarkably mature . 
its execution and skill 
staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 
again dazzle and delight us 
oscar-winning master 
knew what the hell was coming next 
enough is just the ticket you need . 
is like a year late 
a huge fan 
's exploitive without being insightful . 
who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds . 
the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest 
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ... 
ham-fisted 
of trashy , kinky fun 
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . 
think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet 
's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered 
implicitly 
all portent and no content 
well-crafted family film 
, satisfying 
just because it seems obligatory 
dishonest and pat 
horrible , 99-minute 
reassures us 
can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . 
snooze 
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be 
to be interesting 
bad enough 
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory 
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates 
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral . 
mildly amusing 
should be doing a lot of things , but does n't 
implausible 
come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 
insane liberties 
is as generic as its title . 
complex story 
is brilliant 
's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone 
more than four 
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , 
i have given this movie a rating of zero . 
working-class subjects 
at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age 
one of the best movies of the year 
full of elaborate and twisted characters 
invincible 
the numerous scenes of gory mayhem 
crisp framing 
its many out-sized , 
his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence 
it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at . 
in constant fits of laughter 
thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 
nothing less than a provocative piece of work 
gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error 
are more involving than this mess . 
the treat 
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters . 
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why 
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - 
, the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . 
we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story 
aside from rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view , the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art . 
conniving wit 
often surprises you with unexpected comedy 
the kind of ` laugh therapy ' 
that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence 
, it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 
think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline 
punctuated by sudden shocks 
may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season 
far too sentimental 
the clumsy cliché of the ugly american 
, this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 
want to see it 
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but 
drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy 
that already knows it 's won 
neat premise 
squashed 
the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough 
occasional belly laugh 
best gay love stories 
be , by its art and heart , a necessary one 
makes 
the film more silly than scary 
underrehearsed 
city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 
for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek , they 'll probably run out screaming . 
slapping its target audience in the face 
farts , urine 
a thrill 
transcend genre 
an adoring , wide-smiling reception 
genuinely unnerving 
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama . 
and effective film 
due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired 
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man 
buy is an accomplished actress 
shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished 
's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message 
it does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes . 
a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something 
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative 
a bigger-name cast 
evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits 
arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 
of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 
feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied 
laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man . 
will enjoy . 
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard . 
as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots 
's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever . 
get out 
best silly horror movies 
despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 
learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy 
full of detail 
so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost 
irritates and saddens 
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer . 
a heavy stench of ` been there , done 
it 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? 
it has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past . 
's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's . 
at every opportunity to do something clever 
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man . 
inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids 
rape and 
i walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like . 
its unsettling force 
brain strain 
bowser 
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- 
an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties 
disney scrape 
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and 
retard 
will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story 
hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss 
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but 
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel 
a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest 
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points . 
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant . 
draws us in 
lovely flakiness 
rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis . 
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be . 
and church meetings 
new relevance , 
gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience 
check your brain at the door 
the bad sound 
courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' 
seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject 
excellent storytelling 
laid-back 
lavish period scenery 
comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film 
feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something 
a rich visual clarity and deeply 
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic 
's still a rollicking good time for the most part 
baffled by jason x. 
life-embracing 
, imagination and insight 
the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness 
is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride 
is actually one of its strengths . 
a dreadful day in irish history 
love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 
is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous 
do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch 
tries its best 
raunchy as south park 
an insult 
is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost 
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication . 
irreconcilable 
of his sweetness and vulnerability 
the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won 
mike white 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching . 
had gone in for pastel landscapes . 
huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people 
manipulating our collective fear 
is simply not enough of interest onscreen 
's got the brawn , but not the brains 
this enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends . 
having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything 
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time . 
makes all the difference 
a real winner 
energizing 
as a hole in the head 
engage children 
most sincere and artful movie 
is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . 
one of the best gay love stories ever made 
always entertaining , and 
due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment 
see this piece of crap again 
to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese 
a genuinely bone-chilling tale 
( 
of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it 
explode 
, generous and subversive artworks 
( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . 
go-for-broke 
more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again . 
give what may be the performances of their careers 
gratuitous cinematic distractions 
pointed , often tender , 
vibrance 
shows little understanding 
's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot . 
some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics 
highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways 
a tree 
wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way 
a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one . 
, this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 
feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 
the film has a problem 
complete wash 
lazily directed by charles stone iii ... from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis . 
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and 
uneasy 
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting . 
of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich 
shallow , offensive and redundant 
of hackery 
the french director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing . 
being snared in its own tangled plot 
is definitely a cut above the rest 
the material seem genuine rather than pandering 
grand picture 
undeniably worthy and devastating experience 
that made the full monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work 
of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies 
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist . 
if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this . 
independent-community 
their lack 
well worth revisiting 
robust 
why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is 
a terrific effort 
your own precious life 
adds an almost constant mindset of suspense 
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest . 
this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times . 
most watchable 
looks and feels tired . 
rusted-out 
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but 
you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor 
delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households . 
real laughs 
a visual treat 
too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time 
for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride 
a kind of hard , cold effect 
( than leon ) 
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice . 
this is a movie you can trust . 
you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe 
decides 
so horrendously confusing 
the movie is a desperate miscalculation . 
the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill 
really bad blair witch project 
austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 
that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world 
understands characters must come first 
successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling . 
are n't likely to leave a lasting impression . 
an earnest study in despair 
a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action 
holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 
this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . 
lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s . 
from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups 
the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening 
the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 
with such fury 
hence , storytelling is far more appealing 
is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade 
month 
virulent and foul-natured 
fire-breathing 
of genres that just does n't work 
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations 
, this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 
ruined by amateurish 
what to make of this italian freakshow 
soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard 
become dullingly repetitive 
that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 
this wild welsh whimsy 
an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough 
the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project 
exquisitely 
slapstick 
sorority boys is a bowser . 
at how clever it 's being 
of psychopathic pulp 
female population 
high-octane thriller 
's not like having a real film of nijinsky 
extremely talented 
has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made 
is wondrously creative . 
might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . 
the off-center humor is a constant 
of charm 
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch 
the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun 
scant place 
elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world . 
resemble their celebrity parents 
candid , archly funny and 
should pay reparations to viewers . 
death might be a release . 
of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing 
it 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing . 
worse than you can imagine 
the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas 
dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances 
the touch 
makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama 
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades 
, creativity , and fearlessness 
distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them 
witty expose 
will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 
, dumb 
might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . 
give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed 
grossly contradictory 
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still 
never lets you off the hook . 
at the station looking for a return ticket to realism 
disguising this 
eloquent clarity 
ayres makes the right choices at every turn 
the comedy 
to use the word `` new '' in its title 
, roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude . 
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers . 
ambitious movie 
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated . 
nifty premise 
nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness 
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility 
ebullient affection 
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline 
writing , skewed characters 
and whirling fight sequences 
green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that 
will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids 
boobs 
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . 
satisfied 
a movie of riveting power and sadness 
heartily sick 
worth a look 
book-on-tape 
by a warmth that is n't faked 
a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications 
slap her 
never seems aware of his own coolness 
a solid , psychological action film 
, predictable rehash 
so gracefully 
affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things . 
i admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time . 
is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way . 
will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle 
in conveying its social message 
almost in a class with that of wilde 
very best pictures 
transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film 
no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone 
try to surprise us with plot twists 
may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers . 
its best 
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . 
warm , fuzzy 
uplifting , 
glorious spectacle 
to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies 
of an adoring , wide-smiling reception 
becomes a sermon for most of its running time 
nothing about them is attractive . 
the film is a good one 
one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . 
is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs 
muy loco , but no more ridiculous 
grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery 
this overproduced piece 
somewhat clumsy 
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 
goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling 
represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy . 
wonder . 
delightfully unpredictable , hilarious 
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty . 
a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films 
who inhabit it 
sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long 
none of this is meaningful or memorable 
that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion 
playfully profound ... and 
a-list director 
smutty 
, the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 
with restraint and a delicate ambiguity 
the ultimate movie experience 
talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires 
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it 's actually watchable . 
low-budget and tired 
of spirit 
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film 
antonio banderas 
process of imparting knowledge . 
to make a classic theater piece 
sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . 
be thinking about going to see this movie 
it a step further , richer and deeper 
` swept away ' 
a sly female empowerment movie , 
his body 
writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred . 
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here . 
, self-hating , self-destructive ways 
is oppressively heavy . 
a grand whimper 
seriousness and quality 
an opportunity missed . 
mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up 
there are laughs aplenty , 
of read my lips 
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , 
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family . 
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley 
self-indulgent and 
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another 
as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . 
creatively 
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex 
worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops 
transcends culture and race 
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . 
that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities 
lazy but enjoyable 
, mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . 
at the helm 
grade-grubbers 
detailed 
is its personable , amusing cast . 
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous . 
with every cinematic tool well under his control 
crude humor and vulgar innuendo 
preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera 
digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 
may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours 
will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . 
perfect show 
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock . 
combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture 
just more of the same , 
cinematic 
exquisite trappings 
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture 
have a good shot at a hollywood career , 
you 're going to face frightening late fees 
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . 
of emotional desperation 
candid , archly funny and deeply authentic 
hell-jaunt purists 
says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style 
its grand locations 
solid formula 
de niro 's right-hand goombah 
bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio . 
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks . 
borrowed images 
the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation 
a truly magical movie 
for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all 
often hilarious 
surprisingly shoddy makeup work 
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard . 
being very funny 
you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored . 
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the 
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant . 
inane , humorless and under-inspired . 
inane ramblings 
broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity 
care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor 
banal as the telling 
messiness 
is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed tosca that you want . 
of these young women 
an embarrassment . 
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise . 
comes off winningly , 
deflated as he does 
butterfingered 
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . 
makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent 
his own idiosyncratic strain 
to be even worse than its title 
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh . 
'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence 
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . 
is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 
oftentimes funny 
by a disastrous ending 
master class . 
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . 
while there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't . 
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' 
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling 
insufferable ball 
a whole lot of fun 
... tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here ... 
be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black 
of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes 
brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability 
empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun 
keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions 
( and educational ) 
is uniformly superb 
both ugly and mindless 
the opposite of a truly magical movie 
... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material . 
brilliant touches 
throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us 
conceptually brilliant 
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore 
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement . 
with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity 
, why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ? 
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable . 
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor 's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 
amazing finesse 
above anything sandler 
falls flat as a spoof 
trembling and gratitude 
barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . 
the dark visions already relayed by superb 
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods . 
some wickedly sick and twisted humor 
this particular , anciently demanding métier 
gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful 
stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 
is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love 
eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it 
deeply unsettling 
it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition 
were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 
its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation 
a real human soul 
make this an eminently engrossing film 
there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time 
it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone 
so potent 
funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy 
inherent absurdity 
you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy 
saucy 
bronze 
has created a brilliant motion picture . 
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making 
the artsy and often pointless visuals 
make a great team 
that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain 
statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british . 
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory . 
is completely lacking in charm and charisma 
will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone 
the mess 
a no-holds-barred cinematic 
do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl 
too immature and unappealing to care about 
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection . 
of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema 
sometimes almost senseless 
watery tones 
to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories 
a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many 
horse feathers 
a true 
's as good as you remember . 
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but 
a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 
the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon 
impressed with its own solemn insights 
eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions 
the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community 
you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ... 
a brutal 90-minute battle sequence 
that rohmer still has a sense of his audience 
inter-species 
crack you up 
this strangely schizo cartoon 
, it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . 
is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer . 
joyous documentary 
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals . 
a true study , a film with a questioning heart 
prevents 
the novel 
sin 
undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality 
just another voyeuristic spectacle 
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . 
is a heartfelt story 
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised . 
dry 
daring and beautifully made . 
that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy 
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time . 
just lazy 
too placid 
convincing 
as blasphemous and nonsensical 
does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films . 
feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism 
if only it were that grand a failure 
into bizarre , implausible behavior 
an intelligent weepy 
if it had just gone that one step further 
assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear 
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and 
, fun cheese puff 
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us 
towards child abuse 
also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness 
do all three quite well , 
if `` lilo & stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years . 
grant 's two best films 
is delicately 
the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths . 
nevertheless efficiently 
delightfully charming 
delight . 
a gloriously goofy way 
the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length 
when not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . 
nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy 
this crude , 
the unexplored story opportunities 
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone . 
compelling coming-of-age drama 
milder is n't better 
beautifully animated epic 
unrewarding 
clichés and a dim 
amateurish , quasi-improvised 
errors 
insanely funny 
own languorous charm 
, `` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 
to his craft , but to his legend 
of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 
pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale 
but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one . 
filled with love for the movies of the 1960s 
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era . 
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations 
never inspired 
sweet , funny , charming , 
, this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . 
an epic 
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily 
ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie . 
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , 
what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 
a love affair 
suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought 
funeral 
to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable 
of more appealing holiday-season product 
topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights 
muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters 
populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 
too damn weird 
makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes 
exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk 
involving in its bold presentation 
good movie 
are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief . 
tackled a meaty subject and 
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula . 
winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 
demanding than it needs to be 
i mind ugly 
) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated 
for its intelligence and intensity 
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point . 
also somewhat touched 
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; 
grab you 
the genuine ones barely register 
be captivated , 
takes big bloody chomps out of it 
an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been . 
's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 
being boring 
made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid 
low-rent -- and even lower-wit 
changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . 
by talented writer/director anderson 
parental units 
good job 
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer . 
stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard 
some people march to the beat of a different drum 
its just not a thrilling movie 
a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... 
for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon 
, it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . 
a rich tale 
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history . 
a smart , steamy mix 
infantile 
being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations 
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , 
an inhalant blackout 
true to its title 
its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway 
of that already-shallow 
scenes all end in someone screaming 
with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes 
by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot 
the upbeat ending feels like a copout 
it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions 
seems as funny 
an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- 
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise 
so lovely toward the end 
of clever ideas and visual gags 
its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and 
has lost its edge 
crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but 
spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion . 
salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon 
all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale 
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets . 
writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted . 
innocent , childlike and inherently funny 
an unsophisticated 
in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve . 
easy to swallow , 
opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest 
embracing 
a lot to recommend read my lips 
most breezy movie steven spielberg 
's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year 
resourceful hero 
as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 
made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 
a compassionate , 
fine music never heard 
condescending 
's a bargain-basement european pickup 
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but 
the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 
a fine documentary 
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted . 
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street . 
visually atrocious , 
general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music 
's not particularly well made 
provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . ' 
the cheap 
if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) 
humorous and heartfelt , 
of updating white 's dry wit to a new age 
stupidity 
it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors . 
of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants 
are of the highest and the performances 
a cool event 
oddly honest 
a movie without an apparent audience 
( a ) real pleasure in its laid-back way . 
which was shot two years ago 
lonely 
to a higher level 
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; 
truths emerge . 
be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme 
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating . 
sheer ugliness 
is , as comedy goes , 
retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching 
, `` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film . 
the lousy john q 
like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties 
those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it 
the product of loving , well integrated homage 
evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun 
is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start 
do n't see often enough these days 
a fierce dance 
transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama 
thoughtful , emotional movie experience 
across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length 
're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments . 
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized . 
a complete mess 
by a failure 
the expressive power 
the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 
quite simply , should n't have been made 
is merely a charmless witch 
, it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . 
seem at least passably real 
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , 
, it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 
leaves scant place for the viewer 
a good idea 
two of those well spent 
the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency 
an excellent job 
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions . 
oscar-caliber 
its sunny disposition 
fills me with revulsion . 
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... 
an uneven mix 
a relationship that is worthy of our respect 
the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film 
have a barrie good time 
are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 
spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy . 
left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else 
if it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch . 
has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't . 
know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics 
a one-trick pony 
a decent-enough nail-biter 
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies 
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china 
soap opera-ish dialogue 
possibilities 
thoroughly enjoyable 
's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn 
pollyana would reach for a barf bag 
so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either 
melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements 
out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment 
imagination and authentic christmas spirit 
guest appearance 
discerning taste 
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . 
this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied 
's a lot to recommend read my lips 
this is one summer film that satisfies 
any scorsese 
entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller 
's moving 
it is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished . 
i realized the harsh reality of my situation 
for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters 
for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors 
amusing study 
a more balanced or fair portrayal 
her agreeably startling use 
anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 
the right b-movie frame of mind 
as the very best of them 
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment 
garbage 
the filmmakers were worried 
coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film 
smacks of exhibitionism 
constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination 
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm . 
incoherence and 
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female 
make for great cinema 
would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment . 
portrayed with almost supernatural powers 
daring and 
subtlety and acumen 
ignites 
, the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . 
soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence 
plot contrivances 
husband-and-wife disaster 
's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . 
not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow . 
a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer 
has the disadvantage of also looking cheap . 
, amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . 
be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 
of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle 
paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel 
ambivalence 
is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull . 
vulgarity , sex scenes , and 
, the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability 
his most ardent fans 
, guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster . 
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile 
rumblings 
judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice . 
particularly memorable effect 
to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 
inspiring , ironic 
crushing disappointment 
so bad 
here is doa . 
is a likable story , told with competence 
pleasingly 
i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old 
valiantly 
needed 
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . 
humanize 
obsessive love 
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 
a fascinating examination 
a selection of scenes in search of a movie . 
the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 
you wanting to abandon the theater 
's hardly any fun to watch 
simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance 
goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy 
comedy special 
an act of spiritual faith 
allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories 
surprising flair 
while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media 
midlife crisis 
the ` ick ' 
while the performances are often engaging 
makes no sense 
its music or 
it was just a matter of ` eh . ' 
knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . 
, splashy and entertainingly nasty 
plays like a tired tyco ad 
iconoclastic uses 
comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt 
acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni 
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster 
makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured 
his way to becoming the american indian spike lee 
virtuosic set pieces 
that the movie does not do them justice 
is n't very effective 
to show us why it 's compelling 
is nicely 
interesting storytelling devices 
beats new life into it 
so much passion 
it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . 
one splendidly cast pair 
an actress she is 
worst kind 
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . 
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun 
spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) 
an honest and loving one 
an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 
is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism 
seemingly sincere personal reflection 
pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus 
brims with passion : 
that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and 
shankman ... and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . 
return to never land is much more p.c. than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing 
a compelling yarn , but not quite a 
reserved but existential 
captivating drama 
seldom hammy , 
is just such an achievement 
contains very few laughs and even less surprises 
this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here . 
inactive 
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers 
show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . 
has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book . 
like you were n't invited to the party 
star power , 
but it 's also disappointing to a certain degree . 
numbingly dull 
their heroic capacity 
, you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) served jews who escaped the holocaust . 
high-octane jolts 
brilliantly 
tasty and sweet 
is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 
abyss 
in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 
if you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work . 
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art . 
a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh 
miracles 
were any more of a turkey 
alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 
scrutiny 
entertaining and informative documentary 
an intriguing what-if premise 
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate . 
fleshed-out enough to build any interest 
memorable 
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie 
certainly ranks as the most original in years . 
's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever 
byron and luther 
in which the script and characters hold sway 
the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 
trip tripe 
like ` 
showing honest emotions . 
tired , talky feel 
overcooked , ham-fisted direction 
wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , 
well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie 
crass and insulting homage 
maelstrom is strange and compelling , 
of veracity and narrative grace 
the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first . 
... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack . 
, i would go back and choose to skip it . 
star trek was kind of terrific once , 
hackery 
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre 
provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater 
under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women 
to look at , listen to , and think about 
' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . 
this wedding 
the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and 
squandering 
neither is well told 
the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug 
is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film 
is a very good viewing alternative for young women . 
, there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose . 
as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room 
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience 
bad day 
smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band . 
relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations 
makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 
match the ordeal of sitting through it 
clever , 
to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year 
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply 
a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except 
an eminently engrossing film 
just how well 
spielberg 's first real masterpiece 
if you saw benigni 's pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 
make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable 
far more stylish and 
deserving of its critical backlash and more . 
how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians 
richly detailed , deftly executed and 
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and 
is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety 
into rambling incoherence 
really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart . 
cute factor 
above the level of an after-school tv special 
that will capture the minds and hearts of many 
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , 
it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . 
genuinely enthusiastic performances 
has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out 
a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 
does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject 
as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year 
weirdly beautiful place 
pleasant , diverting and modest 
wewannour money back , actually . 
live-action cartoon 
to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own 
what goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals . 
some terrific setpieces 
we all lose track of ourselves by trying 
delivers without sham the raw-nerved story . 
new york 's finest and 
overlong and 
to champion the fallibility of the human heart 
a well-made and satisfying thriller 
has a way of seeping into your consciousness , 
ploddingly melodramatic structure 
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling 
that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style 
which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche 
a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing 
of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 
was kind of terrific once 
give life 
spectacularly well 
immediate inclination to provide a fourth book 
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak . 
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , 
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence 
spare dialogue and 
is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment . 
did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? 
a four star performance 
with complications 
after seeing the film , i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . 
joy and energy 
a terrific performance 
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year . 
disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look 
lacking any real emotional impact 
probing or penetrating 
for all its brilliant touches 
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . 
come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact 
the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge 
to win any academy awards 
to dumb down the universe 
more racist portraits 
, signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype . 
reason to miss interview with the assassin 
the original hit movie 
adventure and song 
giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective 
, intellectually and logistically a mess . 
from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film 
the same problems 
give performances of exceptional honesty . 
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced 
seems embarrassed by his own invention 
fest that 'll put hairs on your chest . 
the gifted pearce 
run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through 
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness 
crack cast 
a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams 
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor 
narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute 
gets better after foster leaves that little room . 
to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other 
can usually be traced back to the little things 
fish-out-of-water formula 
give each other the willies 
stunning fusion 
's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd 
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish . 
the result , however well-intentioned , 
with style and empathy 
there 's nothing to gain from watching they . 
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots 
venturesome 
assurance 
old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale 
bland songs 
a work of enthralling drama 
on a string of exotic locales 
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip 
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . 
is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers 
acted offbeat thriller 
's equally distasteful 
insultingly unbelievable 
that you root for throughout 
, like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar . 
to a film about a family 's joyous life 
induce sleep than fright 
, dishonest 
that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling 
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious 
be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 
do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament 
final whistle 
carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg . 
horrors 
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . 
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . 
an all-star salute 
who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 
this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed tosca that you want . 
parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting . 
elaborate futuristic sets 
extraordinarily 
besson 's high-profile name 
with the fast , funny , and even touching story 
evasive 
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . 
lightweight 
cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you 
earn our love 
of our making 
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great 
catapulting the artist into her own work 
with daring and verve 
started with a great premise and then just fell apart 
is a whole lot of fun 
may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 
laudable 
that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary 
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : 
( t ) he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent . 
runs around and acts like a doofus 
a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good 
does its predecessors proud 
are woven together skilfully 
waste 
dignified ceo 
where the upbeat ending feels like a copout 
do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going . 
these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people . 
mesmerizing music 
does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong 
ambitiously naturalistic 
dismay 
every indulgent , indie trick 
learn a good deal 
a work of extraordinary journalism , but 
flickering reminders of the ties that bind us 
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing . 
contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what 
manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them . 
suitably kooky which should appeal to women 
attractive young leads 
consuming self-absorption 
the personal touch of manual animation 
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot 
is a film living far too much in its own head . 
funny , ultimately heartbreaking 
humble , teach 
take on the upscale lifestyle 
just a string 
is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching 
familiar road 
with no signs of life 
visceral excitement 
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all 
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , 
a well-put-together piece of urban satire . 
great one 
it 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas . 
the cliché-riddled genre can offer 
a dreadful day 
, i did n't care . 
is a great deal of fun 
re-imagining of beauty and 
practically every facet of inept filmmaking 
serious and thoughtful . 
lowered your entertainment standards 
an unexpectedly sweet story of 
uniquely sensual 
good , organic character work 
famed 
, rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . 
a new kind of high 
hard to conceive anyone else in their roles 
the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival 
urban south korea 
you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals . 
's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty 
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity 
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment 
the plot offers few surprises 
hollywood program 
subscriber 
sumptuous stream 
a sentimental mess that never rings true 
( b ) 
what ( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film 
it 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after . 
fessenden continues to do interesting work 
slow , predictable 
it 's icky . 
an unencouraging threefold expansion 
of becoming a better person through love 
satisfying niblet 
grant is certainly amusing 
crudely literal 
together familiar themes 
so special 
has no affect on the kurds 
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent 
the best script that besson has written in years . 
moments and an intelligent subtlety 
by superb 
leaves shockwaves 
beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay 
is a magician 
knew about generating suspense 
been there , done that , liked it much better 
self-deprecating , biting and witty feature 
stunning animation 
the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen . 
for every cheesy scene 
that shows what great cinema can really do 
a high enough level 
putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film . 
is just lazy writing 
characters ramble 
the grossest movie 
too good to be bad 
everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 
has created a beautiful canvas 
one of the finest films of the year 
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film 
sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up 
the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones 
loud , low-budget and tired 
the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 
that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one 
the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take 
undeniably moving 
a historically significant work 
timely than its director could ever have dreamed 
the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza 
illuminating comedy 
seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times 
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt . 
the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling 
a low-rent retread of the alien 
for an intelligent weepy 
notable for its sheer audacity and openness 
dull , unimaginative 
sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 
a workable primer 
the result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis . 
interesting and 
ame and unnecessary 
creates sheerly cinematic appeal . 
, satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 
an extraordinary film , 
paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller 
is magnetic as graham 
are based on stock clichés 
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it 
predictable plotting 
stooping to gooeyness 
feel the beat down to your toes 
when you doze off thirty minutes into the film 
brazenly misguided project 
effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles 
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , 
a classy , sprightly spin 
remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) 
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip 
that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears 
succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing 
he 's already done way too often 
elegant technology for the masses -- 
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades 
tenderness 
counter-cultural 
defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 
a critical and commercial disaster 
as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief 
lavish 
offering an original 
dull , brain-deadening hangover 
for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 
it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans 
... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease . 
bottom-of-the-bill 
hilariously raunchy as south park 
involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . 
made the full monty a smashing success ... 
plot , characters , 
, dramatized pbs program 
is sordid and disgusting 
a top-notch cast 
original fantasy film 
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation 
most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . 
that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary 
an interesting storyline 
spider invasion comic chiller 
's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease 
action man cliché 
of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times 
, you 'd better have a good alternative 
downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating . 
if it 's not entirely memorable 
hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work 
that its own action is n't very effective 
your seat for long stretches 
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say . 
wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies . 
iles 
it 's about family 
a majestic achievement , 
take you down a familiar road with a few twists 
the light-footed enchantment the material needs 
a few big laughs 
about as inspiring 
the sketchiest 
sick and 
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving . 
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp 
makes you crave chris smith 's next movie 
should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie 
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective . 
also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss 
is able to overcome the triviality of the story 
unfocused screenplay 
david spade as citizen kane ? 
works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters 
one thing 's for sure -- if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head . 
of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles 
sleek 
while some of the camera work is interesting 
yarn-spinner 
is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . 
there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose . 
the movie 's wildly careening tone 
that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in 
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle . 
fully formed and 
solid sci-fi thriller 
ryan gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor . 
handled well 
-- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- 
i know better than to rush to the theater for this one 
empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... 
restage the whole thing 
a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had 
an extraordinary dramatic experience . 
like a classroom play in a college history course 
an appealing veneer 
so many merchandised-to-the-max movies 
wonderful creatures 
is always watchable . 
guy ritchie 's lock , 
you wish had been developed with more care 
do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved 
is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , 
pull a cohesive story out 
rapt spell 
toilet humor 
an emotional wallop 
beauty to behold 
is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory 
generic 
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur 
very light 
imagine the cleanflicks version of ` love story , ' with ali macgraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes . 
solid acting and 
, after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers 
the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations 
while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting . 
things to like 
perfectly rendered period piece 
a finely written 
instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy 
far more impact 
who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) 
, it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end 
unique way shainberg 
is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 
is more like something from a bad clive barker movie 
is that it stinks . 
a better person 
a generous , inspiring film 
half the excitement of balto , 
enjoying himself immensely 
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . ' 
`` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section 
is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys 
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance 
for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore 
fun family fare 
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting . 
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense 
new or interesting 
of low-budget filmmaking 
smart and dark 
pained 
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to . 
feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community 
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot . 
for an older one 
any enjoyment 
more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama 
, ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . 
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 
of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure 
soul-searching 
all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment 
it 's definitely worth taking a look 
steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology 
with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart 
pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter . 
've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel . 
makes two hours feel like four . 
sketchy characters and immature provocations 
the comic effects 
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it 
this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . 
can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace 
intense and engrossing head-trip 
cannibal 
make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school 
utilizing 
effective moments 
zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction 
in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying 
in hero worship 
funny for grown-ups as for rugrats 
stereotypes in good fun , 
ugly , mean-spirited lashing 
black-and-white inspires 
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen 
unrealistic 
contemporary 
depraved 
will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . 
still shines in her quiet blue eyes 
a century and a half ago 
religion that dares to question an ancient faith , 
avoiding eye contact and 
as beautiful , desirable , 
that he will once again be an honest and loving one 
for the fine star performances 
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year 
a dickensian hero 
predictable and cloying 
being able to tear their eyes away from the screen 
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker . 
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few 
lying 
disjointed 
strongly 
at his most critically insightful 
they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 
even lazier 
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels . 
add up to a satisfying crime drama 
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly 
begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters 
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart . 
been recycled more times than i 'd care to count 
updating white 's dry wit to a new age 
appropriately cynical social commentary 
delivers real bump-in - the-night chills 
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... 
ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . 
, pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 
to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history 
make a pretty good team 
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together . 
uneven action comedy 
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 
about friendship , love , and the truth 
over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage 
of jaglom 's own profession 
is n't much better 
shabby digital photography 
but the actors make this worth a peek . 
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : 
whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid 
an energizing , 
is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm . 
sad but endearing characters 
any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media 
its characterization of hitler and 
having a hard time believing people were paid to make it 
then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . 
jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time 
straightforward , emotionally honest 
sleazy 
with bogus profundities 
's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , 
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast 
determined , ennui-hobbled 
much baked cardboard 
is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success . 
is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 
loses its ability to shock and amaze . 
to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 
of this sad , compulsive life 
more interesting -- and 
time frame right 
redeemed 
the update is dreary and sluggish . 
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness 
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book . 
's rarely as entertaining as it could have been 
certainly not without merit 
was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo . 
fanboy 
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . 
takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative 
as a well-made evocation 
gets the job done 
`` suck '' 
same old bad trip 
resolutely unamusing 
forgettable 
filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 
whiney 
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and 
building to a laugh riot 
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but 
as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream 
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units . 
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us 
shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown . 
of an already obscure demographic 
nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema 
insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 
may look cool 
cheap cliché 
listen to extremist name-calling 
nosedive 
you expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup . 
its own meager weight 
we do n't avert our eyes for a moment . 
crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level . 
doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 
is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death 
reach a truly annoying pitch 
, i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 
not quite 
modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up 
wonderfully speculative 
fan 
the rock on a wal-mart budget 
spousal abuse 
, ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious 
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing . 
, this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment . 
for the under-7 crowd 
as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ... 
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and 
made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not 
captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes 
is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through . 
poking their genitals into fruit pies 
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time 
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood 
need of a cube fix 
cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . 
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera 's attention to detail . 
is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain 
's still damn funny stuff 
at times uncommonly moving 
not-so-divine 
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . 
there 's no real sense of suspense , and 
reminiscent 
a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project 
the performances are so overstated 
, emotionally devastating piece 
that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time 
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time . 
i have to put up with 146 minutes of it 
archly funny 
wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 
, eloquence , spiritual challenge 
warm , fuzzy feeling 
interest can not be revived . 
felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend 
do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . 
better 
encouraging 
where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks 
gasp , shudder 
it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened 
there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out . 
with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties 
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality 
feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 
starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points 
his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present 
any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject 
more bluster 
, it is more likely to induce sleep than fright . 
the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks 
overflows with wisdom and emotion . 
as pretty contagious fun 
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart 
still charming 
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers . 
its funny , moving yarn 
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety 
that miss 
tragedy 
is worse : 
clever by about nine-tenths 
have that kind of impact on me these days 
i also believe that resident evil is not it . 
the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative 
the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief 
uses a totally unnecessary prologue , 
i 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent . 
treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures 
tremendous piece 
is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists 
, you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . 
none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising 
obscenely bad dark comedy 
of ` laugh therapy ' 
even fans of ismail merchant 's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one . 
seeing justice served 
solid acting 
this gutter romancer 's 
the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own . 
, it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 
behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco 
the leanest and meanest 
than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 
participation 
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions 
that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 
ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel 
the magic 
, they finally feel absolutely earned 
touching film 
's no good answer to that one . 
is a masterpiece . 
is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . 
an accessible introduction as well as 
smeary and 
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- 
mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , 
actually thrilled 
appreciate 
very interesting and 
inadvertently sidesplitting it 
right place 
the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching 
partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- 
generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull 
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . 
the ensemble has something fascinating to do 
fret 
ugly and 
gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record 
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino . 
's a rare window on an artistic collaboration . 
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame 
with all the usual spielberg flair 
it 's this rich and luscious 
longley 's film 
it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors 
none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies 
smoothly 
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow 
and more entertaining , too . 
skip the film and 
, sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death 
even betters it 
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , 
comfortably 
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' 
that the movie has no idea of it is serious or 
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story . 
genuinely worthwhile 
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set . 
a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours 
nonsensical and formulaic 
's pathetic 
when a movie has stuck around for this long 
a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year . 
bill plympton , the animation master 
it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such 
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , 
accepting him in the role 
down-and-dirty 
potentially interesting idea 
become comparatively sane and healthy 
contrived and secondhand 
sprightly spin 
admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play . 
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family . 
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but 
carrying more emotional baggage than batman 
are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence 
tame 
an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera 
created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy . 
this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . 
huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 
into a dreary , humorless soap opera 
have been a painless time-killer 
the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion 
philosophers , not filmmakers 
getting a more mature body 
, some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . 
with `` ichi the killer '' , takashi miike , japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman ... 
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage 
... pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism . 
but boilerplate clichés 
soulful nuances 
has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements . 
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one . 
the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste 
for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while 
a massive infusion 
to the annoying score 
the sorriest and most 
lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name 
intelligent 
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita . 
even as it points out how inseparable the two are 
he 's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed . 
elaborate special effects take center screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side . 
chronically mixed signals 
our best actors 
makes one thing abundantly clear . 
comes off like a hallmark commercial 
jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects 
it 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 
nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . 
idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 
, it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss . 
you do n't try to look too deep into the story 
the mood for an intelligent weepy 
its star 
he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 
13 conversations about one thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 
wickedly funny and just plain wicked 
can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby 
two fine actors 
that the e-graveyard 
lacks a sense of dramatic urgency 
a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium . 
stirs us as well . 
passive-aggressive 
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks 
mr. deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 
but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 
is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening 
there 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . 
rosenthal ( halloween ii ) 
case zero . 
of all those famous moments 
pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience 
endlessly repetitive 
abandon the theater 
more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action 
assurance worthy 
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it 
allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today . 
winningly 
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book 
of its actors 
strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve 
takes its title all too literally . 
probably should 
serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films . 
a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire 
glow 
resorts to easy feel-good sentiments 
the worst movie 
yet permits laughter 
that it 's hardly watchable 
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem 
barely shocking , 
our deepest , media-soaked fears 
just about the best straight-up , 
unexpectedly sweet 
, i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . 
member 
pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . 
a brilliant college student -- 
and two smoking barrels 
just another situation romance 
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier . 
solid action pic 
lacks in depth 
uninspired scripts , acting and direction 
you do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . 
an iconoclastic artist 
has little wit and no surprises . 
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again . 
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation . 
the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride 
's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 
novel charm 
the tinny self-righteousness 
forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film 
a fascinating glimpse 
with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing 
to the haunted house 
handsomely produced 
light , fun cheese puff 
unabashedly romantic 
unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers 
as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller 
it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 
too many clever things 
dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated 
one-of-a-kind tour de force 
that actually has a brain 
an enthralling , entertaining feature . 
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling 
charming 
for the wan , thinly sketched story 
's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions 
i 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time . 
is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams 
lumpen 
long-winded 
throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? 
the grind to refresh our souls 
figures prominently in this movie 
lacks juice and delight 
though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy 
very valuable 
cheap manipulation or corny conventions 
allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk 
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , 
they could n't have done in half an hour 
so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament 
's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance 
is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful . 
the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league 
how bad this movie was 
a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film 
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , 
while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision 
anonymous chiller 
will find millions of eager fans . 
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map . 
the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament 
nutty cliches 
a real movie 
stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design 
screenwriting award 
a children 's party clown 
to entertain 
pretty 
a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety 
leaves an awful sour taste 
he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film 
schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , 
there is a real subject here , and 
is so pat it makes your teeth hurt . 
's not a bad premise , just a bad movie 
much to our dismay 
bisset 
has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player 
the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept . 
that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances 
throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull 
drawing flavorful performances from bland actors 
'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it 
is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 
serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 
a jarring , new-agey tone 
being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and 
shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today . 
us to forget most of the film 's problems 
the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull 
could n't help but 
on `` stupid '' 
one-hour mark 
is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride . 
a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet 
goofy pleasure 
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ... 
tens 
martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline 
why anyone should bother remembering it 
to the road warrior 
( a ) real pleasure in its laid-back way 
lacking any sense of commitment to 
, it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen . 
of true inspiration 
in an irresistible junior-high way , 
essentially ruined -- or , rather 
's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess 
of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion 
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , 
, the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens 
all-time low 
one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages 
an imaginative teacher 
all the signs of rich detail condensed 
never rises above mediocrity 
baaaaaaaaad movie 
is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective 
realistically 
it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance . 
it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting . 
smarter and more unnerving than the sequels 
already littered with celluloid garbage 
rejects 
whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone 
the film is a hilarious adventure and 
having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count 
the standards of knucklehead swill 
tedious and turgid 
is way too indulgent . 
i liked about schmidt a lot 
an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare 
a pretty woman 
is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller . 
strong filmmaking 
approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all 
for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb . 
become strangely impersonal and abstract 
because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue 
is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why 
performed a difficult task indeed 
high-strung but flaccid drama 
uni-dimensional nonsense machine 
diverse and astonishingly articulate 
has ( its ) moments 
adam sandler 
have a fun , no-frills ride 
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 . 
the book 's irreverent energy 
have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit 
you know it 's going to be a trip 
frida with a visual style unique and inherent 
virtuoso throat-singing 
racism 
that watching it leaves you giddy 
interesting and accessible 
great performances , stylish cinematography 
for purposes of bland hollywood romance 
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and 
the growing , moldering pile 
fascination , 
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , 
as delightful 
written , flatly , by david kendall and 
would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor . 
soap-opera 
cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon 
, there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 
edge or 
low-budget 
a much better mother-daughter tale 
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors 
is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 
irritates and 
, you 'll like it . 
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theater for some time . 
find a spark of its own 
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world . 
as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin 
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes 
is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans . 
the pure adrenalin 
genuinely unnerving . 
while the film is not entirely successful 
even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . 
will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals . 
good one 
complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way 
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered . 
high note 
business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen 
frustratingly timid and soggy 
of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own 
are as mushy as peas 
maid in manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies . 
tainted 
frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness 
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit 
exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters 
, high-adrenaline documentary . 
of a man with unimaginable demons 
skip the film and pick up the soundtrack 
what should have been a painless time-killer 
an important political documentary 
bean drops the ball too many times 
it almost loses what made you love it 
fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere 
, you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 
has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product . 
goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots 
it 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . 
intriguing questions 
made no such thing 
come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy 
in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 
an exceptionally 
sets a new benchmark for lameness 
deeply biased , and wholly 
entertaining film 
incongruous 
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience . 
it also rocks . 
, intermittently powerful study 
enervating determination 
it treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . 
lame and sophomoric 
the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting 
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers . 
very well shot or composed or edited 
that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience 
like a documentary in the way 
through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 
believable performances 
some startling , surrealistic moments 
creates something more beautiful than either of those films 
utterly ridiculous 
an ultra-loud blast 
have fun 
enough to keep men 
the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego 
fit well together 
has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . 
distinguish one sci-fi work from another 
more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned 
tackling what seems like done-to-death material 
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved . 
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject 
great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense 
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense 
be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in 
a masterpiece -- 
garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating 
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but 
some visual virtues 
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . ' 
it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something 
the situation in a well-balanced fashion 
of a well-made pizza 
rounded and revealing 
respect and affection 
almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises . 
verging on mumbo-jumbo 
they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about . 
a three-hour cinema master class . 
for the most part , credible 
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once 
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 
will anyone who is n't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ? 
the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels . 
captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe 
a sense of real magic , perhaps 
may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick 
shortcomings 
a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff 
as well as it does because of the performances 
a music scene that transcends culture and race 
well-meaning 
ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . 
develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times . 
utter mush ... conceited pap . 
someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster 
auteuil is a goofy pleasure 
so many red herrings 
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good 
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report 
an interest 
who comes to america speaking not a word of english 
... wise and elegiac ... 
resuscitate 
a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor 
well-defined sense 
from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen 
are as timely as tomorrow 
sewage 
by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances 
a thirteen-year-old 's book report 
improbable 
plot lapses 
its worthy predecessors 
a streetwise mclaughlin group 
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe . 
an encouraging effort 
then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound 
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves . 
gives devastating testimony 
portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes . 
another genre exercise , 
none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal 
overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm 
the overall feeling is genial and decent 
compelling look 
even though it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth . 
a lumbering load of hokum but 
their natural instinct for self-preservation 
really special walk 
the brain 
fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of 
mature and frank fashion 
to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents 
the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot . 
except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 
, `` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . 
it 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year . 
nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks 
addition to being very funny 
bland , surfacey 
brought off with considerable wit 
him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 
walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity 
so interesting 
her pale , dark beauty and 
get you down 
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement . 
really poor 
the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook 
groan and 
had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama 
the thin veneer 
overladen with plot conceits 
hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 
devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower . 
amounts to little more than punishment 
a great script 
are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay 
a summer-camp talent show : hastily written 
that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 
as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 
the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools 
of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation 
ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing . 
the humans are acting like puppets 
that only self-aware neurotics engage in 
might like and more experimental in its storytelling 
just another disjointed , 
will enjoy 
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , 
help sustain it 
it does n't work . 
invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs 
loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction 
is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer 
like the hanks character , he 's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed . 
monotony 
the film is well-crafted 
a thoughtful movie 
forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 
, a ripping good yarn is told . 
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; 
the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians 
stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort 
this beautifully 
enjoyed the love story 
what 's so striking about jolie 's performance 
argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock . 
might turn on many people to opera , in general 
extremely thorough 
give it considerable punch 
mel 
for beginners 
will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long 
real raw emotion 
maintaining a light touch 
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts . 
overrides 
if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump . 
finn 
mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism 
unrelentingly exploitative 
brings to a spectacular completion one 
self-hatred and 
three-dimensional characters 
watered-down it almost loses what made you love it 
all of this , and more 
the results are far more alienating than involving . 
is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience . 
typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine 
offers the none-too-original premise 
badly cobbled 
captured 
sex toys and offers 
to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time 
appealingly 
jealousy 
tribute 
is without intent . 
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss 
plays out like a flimsy excuse 
, it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films . 
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels . 
so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it 
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond 
bizarre 
is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable 
imitative 
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic . 
picture-perfect 
cliche 
maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back . 
you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride 
the substance it so desperately needs 
a revealing look at the collaborative process 
sane and breathtakingly 
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists 
charming , quirky , original 
ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up 
churn out one mediocre movie 
stinks 
broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 
's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity 
one decent performance from the cast and 
more of the same old garbage 
by its lack of purpose 
it has fun with the quirks of family life , 
into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long 
if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . 
the dull effects 
makes its point too well 
crisp and purposeful without overdoing it 
it 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing . 
just a waste 
subtle direction 
he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me 
, it would still be beyond comprehension 
is merely a charmless witch . 
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers 
casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , 
questions cinema 's capability for recording truth 
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film . 
is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . 
is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . 
that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 
too simple and 
seem more like medicine 
mr. spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . 
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike 
the molehill 
quality twist 
in all fairness , i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks . 
rambles aimlessly 
is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake 
energy , intelligence and verve , 
funny and sad 
the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half 
you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach 
a gentle waking coma 
to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . 
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . 
add 
the scruffy sands of its titular community 
clumsy 
sincerity 
an assurance worthy of international acclaim 
's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 
of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable 
, this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids . 
whimsicality , narrative discipline 
sometimes inadequate performances 
to forgive that still serious problem 
is his best film 
an amazing slapstick 
of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans 
kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure 
robbed and replaced 
trade center tragedy 
wrong reasons 
modestly surprising 
are well done and perfectly 
a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films 
new testament stories 
a stale copy 
shapeless and uninflected 
is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography 
dogs who are smarter than him 
more chaotic than entertaining 
in fact , the best in recent memory 
motivate 
the all-french cast is marveilleux . 
take us on his sentimental journey of the heart 
very good ( but not great ) 
the movie possesses its own languorous charm . 
too harsh 
personified in the film 's simple title 
perfectly entertaining 
that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened 
a pointed , often tender , examination 
is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . 
will turn out okay 
's a hellish , numbing experience to watch 
... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces . 
the historical , philosophical 
of the worst titles in recent cinematic history 
particularly impressive 
of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of 
the folks who prepare 
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . 
entertaining documentary 
terrifically entertaining specimen 
sensitivity and skill 
unsophisticated 
the komediant is a tale worth catching . 
sinks further and further into comedy futility 
neil burger here succeeded in 
ate a reeses 
donovan ... squanders his main asset 
freddy gets molested 
a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity 
a well-put-together piece 
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . 
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances . 
pastel landscapes 
there 's something there 
an ordeal 
the pushiness and decibel volume 
refused to gel 
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , 
is painfully formulaic and stilted 
scuzzy 
avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style 
then becomes unwatchable 
the only thing scary about feardotcom 
totally unnecessary prologue 
definitely funny stuff , 
though many of these guys are less than adorable 
it should have stayed there . 
the recording sessions 
's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough 
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey 
spicy 
aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit 
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics 
laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 
quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy 
yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy 
would subtlety be lost on the target audience 
serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure 
concept doofus 
another wholly unnecessary addition 
the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing 
see this 
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable . 
, you ca n't miss it . 
a high-end john hughes comedy 
addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history 
, the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation . 
, it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special . 
was as graceful 
hated myself in the morning . 
both contrived and cliched 
fringe feminist conspiracy theorist 
of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature 
guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength 
like done-to-death material 
while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio . 
goes on and on to the point of nausea 
as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it 
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once . 
retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie 
and engaging examination 
an admirable reconstruction 
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction 
its charms and 
even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient 
lacks 
organic intrigue 
some fine acting 
ugly behavior 
carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders 
stale , futile scenario . 
will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers 
championship 
wastes an exceptionally good idea 
giggling 
was a better film 
crippled 
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations 
it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 
is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness 
it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . 
on shame 
a pretty listless collection 
it 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming . 
mixed up together like a term paper 
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 
the fun 
an inspiring tale 
it overstays its natural running time 
hugely entertaining and 
to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks 
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable . 
next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon . 
a worthwhile effort 
lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair 
a watch 
that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable 
is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal 
one-sided 
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one 
even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting 
joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite 
the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 
are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances 
, low-wattage 
bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension 
is sordid and disgusting . 
smart movie 
does not make for much of a movie 
moves between heartbreak and rebellion 
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie . 
lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise 
forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action 
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them . 
entirely witless and 
is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients 
of happy 
under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun 
is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces 
beating the austin powers films at their own game 
leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites . 
did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 
go where the moment takes them 
can act 
they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . 
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre . 
worthy of the price of a ticket 
a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore . 
soar . 
white 's dry wit 
oscar-nominated documentary 
inviting all the same 
first real masterpiece 
truly magical 
sorry use of aaliyah in her one 
does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country 
that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works 
i do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't 
chokes on . 
like no other film in recent history 
'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls 
the real issues 
superficial and 
slap me , i saw this movie . 
that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school 
picture that illustrates an american tragedy 
the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 
triple x marks the spot . 
pulse 
is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice . 
to keep it from being maudlin 
invented 
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and 
no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 
something provocative 
is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 
a bland 
the shining , the thing , 
cultural and economic subtext 
vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse . 
knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade 
of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts 
screwing 
is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying 
asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country 
short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 
this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids . 
truly funny bits 
the great minds 
a heart , mind or humor of its own 
against the maker 's minimalist intent 
of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace 
made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars 
the film does pack some serious suspense . 
through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement 
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , 
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 
comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be 
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story 
mention `` solaris '' five years from now and i 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share . 
it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered 
a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey 
own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute 
, numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before . 
a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle 
for the film 's winning tone 
bring tissues 
going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 
is a deeply unpleasant experience . 
such an achievement 
is not even half the interest 
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama 
that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale 
, the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 
its position 
the brilliant performances 
repetitive and ragged 
is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year 
romantic and 
sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 
as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe 
this illuminating comedy 
too much exploitation and too little art 
in such odd plot 
beautiful , 
who makes martha enormously endearing 
abridged edition 
lift 
smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks . 
competent 
running off 
transcend 
's meandering , low on energy , and too eager 
life affirming ' 
a superlative b movie -- 
what goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' 
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... 
comic gem 
spiffy animated feature 
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's 
everybody else is in the background 
, incoherent , instantly disposable 
trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 
a nifty plot line 
wedding 
burn the negative and the script and 
like a blown-out vein 
his sentimental journey 
a severe case of hollywood-itis 
our reality tv obsession , and even 
giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 
diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . 
purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride . 
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies 
to feel good about 
the powerful success 
the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles 
vaguely silly overkill 
how families can offer either despair or consolation 
with a single 
it is also beautifully acted . 
winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it . 
delicately calibrated in tone 
utterly static picture 
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . 
fresh point 
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman 
an important movie 
many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill 
together ( time out and human resources ) establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace . 
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy . 
victorious 
using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . 
is worth your time , 
wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie 
bring tissues . 
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable 
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work 
want to check it out 
is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply 
is in need of a scented bath 
brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing 
through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes 
a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship 
more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story 
like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable 
remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced 
exploitative and largely devoid 
insightful 
of this unique director 's previous films 
there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front . 
no wit , only labored gags 
better still 
of expository material 
other , better crime movies 
that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth 
kids to watch too many barney videos 
it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme 
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen . 
this delightful comedy 
takes big bloody chomps 
so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be 
appeals to you 
is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend 
profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment 
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency 
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill . 
toss it at the screen in frustration 
's an adventure story and history lesson all in one 
the ambiguous welcome 
dreadful romance 
with originality 
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy 
is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings 
some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood 
the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was 
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . 
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations 
can depress you about life itself . 
was so endlessly , grotesquely 
theater feeling 
two ideas 
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary . 
rather beautiful 
uneven performances 
's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life 
to a t. 
right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together 
the movie 's success 
it ends up falling short as a whole 
gives hollywood sequels a bad name 
painfully unfunny farce 
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances 
bertrand tavernier 's 
tasteful to look at 
a powerful sequel and one 
an `` ambitious failure 
to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play 
with a sense of wonder 
is fluid and quick 
paper thin 
likely to leave a lasting impression 
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it . 
fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special 
few new converts 
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; 
did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting 
loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them 
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching 
cram too many ingredients into one small pot 
a fascinating glimpse 
spice 
we had to endure last summer , and 
black hawk down and we 
it 's an effort to watch this movie 
garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... 
co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard 
engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic 
over the head with a moral 
where something 's happening 
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations 
to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 
finds its moviegoing pleasures 
prefer to keep on watching 
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones 
tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 
manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy . 
settles on a consistent tone . 
clever dialogue and likeable characters 
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion 
bad blend 
, in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic 
are in place for a great film noir 
admire the film 's stately nature 
an improvement on the first blade 
half-hearted 
both innocent and jaded 
a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker 
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and 
it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime 
do a little fleeing of its own 
us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows 
the problem with all of this 
overcooked 
is silly beyond comprehension 
loses its overall sense of mystery 
pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report 
impressively discreet filmmakers 
has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency 
so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation 
hokey 
the trailer is a riot . 
to be the movie 's most admirable quality 
accomplished and richly resonant work . 
dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue 
long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken 
manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 
charged music to the ears of cho 's fans . 
striking villains 
this leaden comedy 
a thoroughly modern maiden 
interesting character 
magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty 
appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . 
strangely tempting 
the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away survives intact in bv 's re-voiced version . 
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time 
, it 's icky . 
mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty 
the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man 
's a liability 
... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations . 
knows how to make our imagination wonder . 
beautifully produced film 
just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style 
the good and different 
a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage 
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it . 
romething 's really wrong with this ricture ! 
loves them 
take before indigestion sets in 
sophisticated , discerning taste 
is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . 
moments of hilarity 
obvious or self-indulgent 
increasingly implausible as it races 
much first-rate 
anyone who suffers through this film 
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . ' 
, laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry . 
who cares ? 
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment . 
awfulness 
is n't very bright 
tedious 
of such a well loved classic 
remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . 
that make 105 minutes seem twice as long 
crane 's decline with unblinking candor 
understated piece of filmmaking 
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , 
derivativeness 
drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers 
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them . 
than its sunny disposition 
contrived as this may sound 
honesty , insight and humor 
the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic 
a backbone 
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground . 
keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation 
if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen 
the fourth `` pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance . 
is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees 
interestingly 
of a triumph 
a work of extraordinary journalism 
the too-frosty exterior 
the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . ' 
worm its way into your heart 
garden music video 
a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout 
stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us 
many flaws 
featuring reams of flatly 
wretchedly unfunny wannabe 
rather special 
box office money that makes michael jordan jealous 
yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe . 
tells this very compelling tale 
one decent performance 
loses all bite on the big screen 
her small , intelligent eyes 
structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic 
escaped the rut dug by the last one 
a film worth watching 
pretty and gifted , it really won my heart 
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline 
he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes 
alienate the mainstream audience 
clarity and audacity 
nubile young actors 
equals the original 
the stunt work is top-notch 
a complete wash 
performers who rarely work in movies now 
undeniably gorgeous , terminally 
unassuming 
, pointless , stupid 
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece 
a lousy one at that 
by the standards of knucklehead swill 
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity 
-- and it is n't that funny . 
include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) 
a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem . 
these lives count 
in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers 
a charming , banter-filled comedy 
so crazy ! 
, this is the ultimate movie experience 
far more appealing 
an art 
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , 
sitting around 
no explanation or even 
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle 
, it really won my heart 
uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave 
that if the filmmakers just follow the books 
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and 
been bland 
the precision of the insurance actuary 
is just garbage . 
indulgence 
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable . 
that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside 
a helping hand 
are worth the price of admission 
fast and 
, you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . 
dilutes the pleasure of watching them 
the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence 
for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 
the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors . 
dave barry 's popular book of the same name 
a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters 
one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom 
great performance 
rather than real figures 
makes the movie fresh 
some laughs in this movie 
its promising cast of characters 
a knowing sense of humor 
robin williams , death to smoochy 
an admirable rigor 
see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . 
comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance 
profound cinema 
energetic and always surprising performance 
anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair 
a breath of fresh air now and then 
labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 
seriously dumb 
crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings 
that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling 
the bullseye 
gives everyone something to shout about . 
the joy the characters take in this creed 
balances real-time rhythms 
injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . 
a raise 
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script . 
falls flat as thinking man 
reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart 
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , 
sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick 
a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos 
everyone can enjoy 
gem 
a retread story 
laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 
worst cinematic tragedies 
stunning technical achievement 
the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance 
nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . 
is a new treasure of the hermitage . 
lazily 
the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive . 
a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected 
clint eastwood 's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same . 
makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks . 
style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast 
these people 
a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived 
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie . 
hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power 
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous . 
... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame . 
worthwhile themes 
even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts 
is more complex and honest 
a mexican soap opera 
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , 
continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio 
's insecure in lovely and amazing , 
engaging 
a deft pace master 
weirdly likable 
a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely 
( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material 
goal 
rare drama 
seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick 
admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form . 
unnamed , easily substitutable 
a quiet , disquieting triumph 
an original and highly cerebral examination 
you instantly know whodunit 
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing . 
with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling . 
there 's not nearly enough that 's right 
after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy 
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake 
finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice . 
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama 
must have been lost in the mail 
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud 
is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . 
little visible talent and no energy 
an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story 
to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . 
well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie 
imbue the theme with added depth and resonance 
poorly staged 
, ponderous and charmless 
hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 
, you 'll have a good time with this one too 
of watching intelligent people making a movie 
quite entertaining 
gorgeous and deceptively minimalist 
is twice as bestial but half as funny 
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering 
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow 
exuberance in all 
viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving 
indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens 
emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen 
summer-camp talent show 
is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory 
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage 
anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold 
vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing 
's kind of sad 
's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull . 
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble . 
poo-poo 
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . 
broad racial insensitivity 
to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn 
who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers 
the best possible ways 
equally beautiful , self-satisfied 
us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable 
a masterfully made one 
animated thoughts 
aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness 
most humane and important holocaust movies 
're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 
writing and slack direction 
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled . 
entirely memorable 
on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie . 
one of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears . 
lobotomy 
honest poetry 
bad idea 
a little old-fashioned storytelling 
understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal 
the charismatic jackie chan to 
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... 
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline . 
fried in pork 
in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 
for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian . 
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all . 
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures 
crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments 
talky , artificial and opaque 
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , 
so stilted and unconvincing 
skip this turd and 
washed out despite all of that 
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence 
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on . 
takes off in totally unexpected directions 
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool 
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' 
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory . 
cartoonish clichés and sneering humor 
lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground 
sensational denouements 
nutty cliches and far too much 
of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other 
that is often quite rich and exciting 
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller 
has made tucker a star 
unbelievable 
well-thought 
clamoring for another ride 
, very good 
throws in enough clever and unexpected 
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting 
sweet and 
a smart , nuanced look 
a genuine mind-bender . 
an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood 
written for no one 
to its great credit 
the grandness 
breathes life 
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera 
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since sept. 11 ) . 
sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit 
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable 
torture and self-mutilation 
to the edge of their seats 
corcuera 's attention to detail 
has compelling new material 
that 's because relatively nothing happens . 
is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life . 
a glimmer 
hard to make the most of a bumper 
most purely enjoyable and satisfying 
consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work 
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality . 
works so well for the first 89 minutes 
a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack 
explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens 
delight 
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming 
is a fascinating little tale 
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest . 
a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery 
would n't make trouble every day any better . 
like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . 
this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists 
proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business 
of emotional blandness 
a lot of warmth 
feel-bad 
bogged down over 140 minutes 
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it 
a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood 
teenage sex comedy 
leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors . 
carmen ( vega ) and 
enjoyable 
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound . 
it would be better to wait for the video . 
that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton 
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest . 
it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down . 
proud warrior 
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; 
you 're not deeply touched by this movie 
shows moments of promise but 
fact , 
deceit 
wistful new film 
fourth feature 
is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . 
is sadly 
sensitive and astute 
's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 
lazy 
viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle 
should scare any sane person away 
revelatory about his psyche 
admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 
it 's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again . 
plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family 
, unsubtle and hollywood-predictable 
to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits . 
warmth to go around , with music and laughter 
, crisp storytelling 
true-blue delight . 
's a very tasteful rock and roll movie 
its chicken heart 
more than a worthwhile effort 
bound 
is not an easy film . 
simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 
thrills 
misfire that even tunney ca n't save . 
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 
this nervy oddity , like modern art should . 
a rather bland 
less than adorable 
tastelessness 
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy . 
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded . 
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates 
will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades 
that satisfies 
the bad sound , 
real magic , perhaps 
, unimaginative and derivative 
accessible 
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , 
that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 
wonder , hope and magic 
does n't sustain a high enough level of invention 
strays 
feel alive - which is what they did 
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences . 
as deep as a petri dish 
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable . 
green men 
incredibly inane 
of a good cast 
looking like something wholly original 
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film 
long-faced sad sack 
there are a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall . 
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm 
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ... 
in the place where a masterpiece should be 
-- and not in a good way 
hollywood horror 
no real narrative logic 
more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . 
it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare 
while the story 's undeniably hard to follow 
its clumsiness as its own most damning censure 
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking 
is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back . 
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . 
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill 
more emotional force 
feeling guilty 
her grace with a moving camera 
popped up with more mindless drivel 
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros 
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength . 
is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 
stuffed to the brim with ideas 
omitted nor a cliché left unsaid 
sour attempt 
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere . 
at 2002 's sundance festival 
( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but 
moving tragedy 
the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 
from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also 
a deeply unpleasant experience 
goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so 
does not have 
an unbalanced mixture 
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable 
this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book 
the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up 
a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's 
makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment 
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done . 
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny . 
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . ' 
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . 
the film has several strong performances . 
feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful 
recycled more times 
irresistibly uncanny ambience 
its love of life and beauty 
care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 
a temporal inquiry 
the under-7 crowd 
worse stunt editing or 
between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked 
its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- 
just does n't make sense 
that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy 
is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving . 
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . 
is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless 
's not very interesting . 
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag . 
so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective 
epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be 
existential suffering 
although estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro 
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect 
of the flesh 
in her most charmless 
between flaccid satire and what 
goldbacher 
like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 
their recklessness 
bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing 
manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes 
quirky , off-beat project 
another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults 
its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places 
work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds 
its characters ' decisions 
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling . 
so pat it makes your teeth hurt 
is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer 
if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining 
is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender 
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling . 
terrible movie 
the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood 
little less bling-bling 
an intriguing species 
ignore the film 
fails to keep it up and 
delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower 
entertaining movie 
savvy street activism 
's a movie that gets under your skin 
rarely seem sure of where it should go 
utterly incompetent conclusion 
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but 
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one 
as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible 
have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept 
it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own 
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work . 
wo n't be disappointed 
the best way 
of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal 
many have made it out to be 
off-putting 
a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know . 
in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks 
one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible 
epics 
he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject . 
bump in the night and nobody cares 
one-sided documentary 
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here . 
a funny yet dark 
warmth 
the shameless self-caricature 
is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 
below 
loses what made you love it 
smile-button faces 
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults 
kind 
on audience patience 
is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . 
reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain 
seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings 
oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material 
sly humor 
desultory 
delivers a magnetic performance 
mixed-up films 
to term an `` ambitious failure 
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- 
too loud , too goofy and too short 
been worth caring about 
ambitious 
is authentic . 
the most part a useless movie , even 
clichés . 
exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute 
again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 
a film that relies on personal relationships 
rock and stolid anthony hopkins 
as pure over-the-top trash 
the salton sea has moments of inspired humor , though every scrap is of the darkest variety . 
make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . 
, the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . ' 
taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head 
about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza 
stale gags 
most every aggrieved father cliché 
rushed , slapdash 
an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing . 
turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most 
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading 
the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) 
that should have been the ultimate imax trip 
infuses the film 
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression 
about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying 
a good line in charm 
even more damning -- 
a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion 
it 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair . 
phlegmatic 
is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery 
bouncing bravado 
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day 
that lifts your spirits 
pretty listless 
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , 
awfully hard 
the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . ' 
is a lumbering , wheezy drag ... 
compelling story 
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure 
marvel 
somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks . 
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small 
this seductive tease of a thriller 
is wonderful . 
, he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 
is even remotely new or interesting 
this overlong infomercial , 
all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness 
lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success 
is entertaining . 
has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years 
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure 
with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic 
have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows 
a stark portrait 
delicious dialogue 
the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 
'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . 
astonishingly vivid 
nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone 
helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses 
carrying 
finest kind 
meandering , low on energy 
shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 
tired , talky 
experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort 
nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length 
a journey 
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- 
sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special 
more abhorrent 
been preferable 
poignancy 
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that . 
vibrant and intoxicating fashion 
just does n't work 
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . 
fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty 
it slow , predictable and not very amusing 
the funniest american comedy 
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film . 
's no real sense of suspense 
is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time . 
, however entertainingly presented , 
like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas . 
real stars 
none of birthday girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ... 
manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise . 
plenty of nudity 
than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films 
negative 
a thriller with an edge -- 
lingering questions about what the film is really getting at 
an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn 
bad mixture 
's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . 
standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 
its refusal to recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map 
are becoming irritating . 
are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . 
washed out 
that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film 
its elbows sticking out where the knees should be 
story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 
pokes , provokes 
can not be revived 
proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be . 
such a companionable couple 
retelling 
the comic elements of the premise , 
davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences . 
a future they wo n't much care about 
stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences 
one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years 
tasteless and 
a smart , compelling drama 
real visual charge to the filmmaking 
bad animation and mindless violence 
e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career . 
goodies 
infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm 
's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest 
going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together 
these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective 
feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing 
almost unbearably morbid 
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart 
something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers 
is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst . 
a great time 
in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt 
too shallow for an older one 
never really busts out of its comfy little cell 
as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle 
an intriguing bit of storytelling 
a heartfelt story 
been made with an enormous amount of affection 
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life 
a solid , anguished performance 
brutally dry 
you feel genuinely good 
is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted 
a wonderful life marathons and bored 
funny and , in the end , very touching 
visual splendor 
, this film should not be missed . 
, is of overwhelming waste 
thanks 
, the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . 
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film . 
war 
has considerable charm . 
wise-beyond-her-years 
exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise . 
first 
the film has ( its ) moments 
though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy 
as a durable part of the movie landscape 
a vile , incoherent mess 
troubled and 
that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song 
quite a comedy 
colorful bio-pic 
horrified 
draggy 
erotic or sensuous charge 
, enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . 
you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . 
genitals 
sit through -- despite some first-rate performances 
this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 
funny , touching , smart and complicated 
can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . 
likely to seduce and conquer 
great to look at 
an art film 
life 
is a great film . 
bad writing , 
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but 
` direct-to-video ' release 
ca n't recommend it enough 
truly excellent 
a work of entertainment 
retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing . 
screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation . 
a cohesive story 
cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . 
we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve 
's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair 
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue 
hollow , self-indulgent , and 
of the world 's greatest teacher 
the robust middle of this picture 
together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love 
hodgepodge . 
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet . 
it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before 
easy , seductive pacing 
loud , bang-the-drum 
's touching and tender and 
a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director 
last year 's lame musketeer 
seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do 
feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective 
overflows with wisdom and emotion 
insomnia is one of the year 's best films and 
her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks . 
it wo n't hold up over the long haul 
nebrida 
be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show 
, and fearlessness 
written , flatly 
establishes a wonderfully creepy mood 
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation 
the silly and crude storyline 
swung me around 
gets full mileage 
the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . 
farts , urine , feces , 
as bad at it is cruel 
most thoughtful fictional examination 
sad to say 
fling 
profane and exploitative as the most offensive action 
the excitement 
how inept is serving sara ? 
loved ones 
down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito 
is one of this year 's very best pictures 
eyeballs 
has little clue 
should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . 
nothing but boilerplate clichés from start 
finds warmth in the coldest environment 
that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 
a loud , witless mess 
talking a talk that appeals to me 
a good movie 
funny , sweetly adventurous 
graphic violence 
of the conflict that came to define a generation 
except it 's much , much better . 
distracted rhythms 
much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes . 
's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , 
keep my attention 
masterpiece 
steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 
a strong and confident work 
it 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones 
classic text 
would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways 
the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 
impart a message 
feels impersonal , almost generic . 
's just rather leaden and dull 
's worth the concentration . 
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it 
still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch 
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright . 
with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach 
a grenade 
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard . 
cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists . 
a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done 
between the artificial structure 
fails 
glory days 
the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path 
a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten 
though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab 
a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat . 
' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . 
shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- 
with a great premise 
absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes 
instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . 
liked a lot of the smaller scenes 
complaining 
gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior . 
warmed-over cold war paranoia 
that even freeman ca n't save it 
how low brow it is 
so crisp and economical in one false move 
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood . 
uneven movie 
consistently intelligent 
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low . 
the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism . 
most notable 
smack of a hallmark hall of fame 
loves 
makes no difference in the least 
especially well 
a love story as sanguine 
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash . 
subzero 
'd be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow . 
are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ? 
that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages 
blood work is for you . 
director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining 
wrong with this ricture 
for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man . 
to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets 
show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn 
its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before . 
a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing 
show-stoppingly hilarious , 
should be doing a lot of things , but does n't . 
down over 140 minutes 
as good , 
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating . 
is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . 
is needed to live a rich and full life 
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly 
from `` promising '' 
's exactly what these two people need to find each other 
hard to understand 
paced and satisfying 
could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors 
follow-your-dream 
this stinker 
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but 
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible . 
real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . 
seems worse for the effort . 
biggest husband-and-wife disaster 
clear-eyed portrait 
's like having an old friend for dinner ' . 
expiration date 
feels free to offend 
a fake street drama 
had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . 
no amount of good acting 
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is 
its easily dismissive 
one lousy movie . 
warm and exotic . 
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike 
a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series . 
is sappy and amateurish 
and interesting characters 
profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen . 
is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power 
noyce 's greatest mistake 
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect 
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters 
saw the film 
is smart , not cloying . 
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled 
is both stimulating and demanding 
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , ( ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation . 
but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 
a personal low for everyone involved 
i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one 
profound humanity 
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie 
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson 
all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor . 
and wonderful creatures 
a laughable -- or rather 
results that are sometimes bracing 
they grow up and you can wait till then 
worthwhile moviegoing experience 
to learn , to grow , 
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions 
honest attempt to get at something 
once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy 
mothers 
like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 
inadequately motivated 
huppert 's show to steal 
is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way 
whose sharp 
excels in spectacle and pacing 
retaining an integrity 
melancholic 
thoroughly satisfying 
frantic 
fascinating study 
a cinematic touchstone 
failed jokes , twitchy acting 
of a sports extravaganza 
hugely entertaining 
a triumph 
death to smoochy is often very funny 
daring as john ritter 's glory days 
expert comic timing 
great yarn 
of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential 
` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 
of a handsome and well-made entertainment 
funnier than anything 
without being memorable 
always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable 
stillborn 
a jaunt down memory lane for teens 
ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over . 
... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 
is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel 
's just tediously bad , 
pity anyone who sees this 
the hood 
reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap . 
odd but ultimately satisfying blend 
the history is fascinating 
is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee 
a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings 
less entertaining 
in an intriguing bit of storytelling 
funny and poignant 
sirk 
's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context 
's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 
's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy 
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . 
really get inside of them . 
starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television 
touch 
just too bratty for sympathy 
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres 
magnetic as graham 
losing his touch 
some very good comedic songs 
`` red dragon '' never cuts corners . 
thrill 
its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks 
should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike 
oddest 
sensitive ensemble performances and 
in tatters 
fun-seeking 
something else altogether -- clownish and 
playful spark 
( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers . 
's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . 
borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own 
scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious 
a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence 
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search 
a listless and desultory affair . 
waiting for things 
that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure 
more than enough sentimental catharsis 
an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek 
yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless 
a movie with depth 
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and 
watch these two together again in a new york minute 
is where ararat went astray . 
for kids or their parents , for that matter 
the gorgeous locales and 
detract from the affection of that moral favorite 
astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap 
scenery , vibe 
the self-serious equilibrium 
's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness . 
eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot . 
some unpaid intern 
the most edgy piece of disney animation 
genius 
so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true 
remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . ' 
hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie 
everett remains a perfect wildean actor 
adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover 
immersed 
top-billed star bruce willis 
so unmemorable 
interesting story 
bogging down in a barrage of hype 
aims so low 
as pedestrian as they come . 
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film 
finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality 
an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century . 
great acting 
you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits 
too long , and larded with exposition 
with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume 
the greatest date movies in years 
a sour taste in one 's mouth , 
animation work 
to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 
time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it 
muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 
it just is n't a very involving one 
entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal . 
marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i 
even lazier and 
goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it 
inject farcical raunch 
an amazing breakthrough 
douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically . 
over this `` un-bear-able '' project 
7th heaven 
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing 
's very little 
writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags . 
distracted 
become wearisome . 
, you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . 
land beyond time 
monumental 
you love the music 
's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . 
living hell 
no more 
gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 
just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy . 
is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . 
the funniest jokes of any movie 
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck . 
that it actually makes the heart soar 
nasty journey 
who , exactly , is fighting whom here 
( and probably should have ) 
fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic 
meets his future wife 
his intellectual rigor or 
is another liability 
feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies 
smoky and inviting 
alienated 
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , 
to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor 
storytellers 
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary . 
reveal his impressively delicate range 
had to sit through it again 
do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this 
is worth seeing 
past his prime 
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation 
beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and 
of the great crimes 
fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat 
1995 's forget paris 
, mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . 
with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles 
have carved their own comfortable niche in the world 
inuit masterpiece 
the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . 
from the guy-in-a-dress genre 
almost entirely witless and inane , 
more plot 
why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 
is unfocused , 
why human beings long for what they do n't have 
is also as unoriginal 
youthful affluence 
fare , with enough 
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out 
a solid pedigree 
if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out 
easy to make such a worthless film 
sexy and romantic . 
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute . 
intelligence , wit or innovation 
as a pale successor 
care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories 
its punchy style promises 
an extraordinary film , not least 
to hate it 
ploddingly sociological 
suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . 
uncompelling 
the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between 
olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting 
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy 
funny , subtle , and resonant 
wewannour money back , actually 
meditative and lyrical 
, energetic and smart 
right to be 
are acting horribly 
seem like such a bore 
received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen 
new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief 
power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror 
get more re-creations of all those famous moments 
we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed 
morally bankrupt characters 
fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness 
the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film 
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette . 
, entertaining thriller 
pretention 
slow-moving 
, blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 
significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration 
revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement 
successful 
ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel . 
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy . 
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time . 
too much power , not enough puff 
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but 
, unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it 
that embraces its old-fashioned themes and 
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man 
can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas 
when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck 
gives poor dana carvey nothing 
is to substitute plot for personality 
a bittersweet contemporary comedy 
sleep-inducing 
the film 's considerable charm 
one of the greatest films 
pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter 
never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class . 
how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture 
a romantic comedy plotline 
overcome the problematic script 
worst movie 
he fails . 
has the disadvantage of also looking cheap 
i liked it just enough . 
honesty and dignity 
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time 
, refreshingly , 
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse 
the ideas tie together beautifully 
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution . 
the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours 
that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such 
dramatic comedy 
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . 
, shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown . 
full of funny situations and honest observations 
as much as i laughed throughout the movie 
has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear 
marvelous first 
, sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . 
for a bad film 
soulful , scathing and joyous 
that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company 
does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat . 
like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 
mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time 
fabulousness 
a bored cage 
strong education 
still leaves shockwaves 
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun . 
title performance 
hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing 
to look at or understand 
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley 
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . 
talk down to them 
pays earnest homage to turntablists and 
deadeningly drawn-out 
's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness 
feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks . 
give all three stories life 
a bravura performance 
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what 
a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times 
precious little of either 
, but with material this rich it does n't need it 
is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne 
realism , crisp storytelling 
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register . 
they succeed 
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack . 
have fun with it 
like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen 
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up 's i 'm the one that i want . 
not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face 
, it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . 
piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 
the rhapsodic dialogue 
that crawls along at a snail 's pace 
, composed delivery 
frighteningly fascinating 
think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 
the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film , i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 . 
message-mongering moralism 
is appealing 
a lost ideal 
jones and snipes are enthralling 
soulful and 
surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players 
pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car 
a poor fit 
a grim future 
well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too 
the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull 
this film special 
things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films 
are especially fine 
its accumulated enjoyment 
with a sweet 
are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 
visually sloppy 
will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding 
demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were . 
one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 
lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating 
brilliant piece 
possible angle 
hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie 
gloriously unsubtle 
providing some good old fashioned spooks 
not a classic 
this movie worth seeing 
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , 
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds . 
are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze . 
a strong script 
exasperatingly 
could n't care less 
by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , 
was so endlessly , grotesquely , 
a 20-car pileup 
is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself 
forget about it by monday , though 
gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game 
entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel . 
, empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 
unsuccessfully 
there 's no fizz 
making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years 
lively songs for deft punctuation 
wonderful , imaginative 
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it . 
is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings . 
riveted to our seats . 
by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness 
will probably like it . 
perhaps the grossest movie 
even that 's too committed . 
unencouraging 
it 's kinda dumb . 
, ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . 
humane 
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 
hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs 
bracingly truthful antidote 
rambling incoherence 
laugh-out-loud lines , 
intelligent and 
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple . 
roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude . 
will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting . 
the negative and the script 
who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans 
a total lack of empathy 
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies 
the most excruciating 86 minutes one 
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless . 
how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them 
like this film 
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , 
simply put , `` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece . 
as tawdry trash 
more than adequately fills the eyes and 
like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood . 
argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works 
jersey lowbrow accent uma 
emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . 
deserves the hook 
becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on . 
catch it ... if you can ! 
sexy , surprising romance 
a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure 
such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . 
he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie 
oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor 
re-voiced version 
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory . 
addict 
fudged opportunity 
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist . 
touching , sophisticated film 
a wacky , screwball comedy 
a chilling movie without oppressive gore . 
sweeping battle scenes 
if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time 
the charm and little 
the charm of kevin kline 
are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone . 
's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity . 
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special . 
potentially trite and overused concept 
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor . 
too neat and new pin-like 
intimate and intelligent 
the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth 
are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook 
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor 
good enough 
is n't one true ` chan moment ' 
a 94-minute travesty 
what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians 
the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of 
know as an evil , monstrous lunatic 
starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together 
comes from the heart . 
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject . 
find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination 
the good , 
takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze 
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off 
is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . 
the movie stirs us as well . 
cheapened the artistry of making a film 
odd , poetic road movie 
to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once 
hard to like a film so cold and dead 
pertinent and enduring 
take an entirely stale concept and 
it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome 
would n't have the guts to make . 
gore for suspense . 
quite fun in places 
smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors 
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation . 
unnecessary films 
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and 
bring something new 
excites 
del 
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore 
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story 
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky 
amiable but 
returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin 
paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work . 
it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break 
you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . 
deliciously exploitative 
is an inspirational love story 
, derrida is all but useless 
the recording sessions are intriguing , and 
i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon . 
fluid 
's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles 
to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before 
hate myself most mornings . 
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves . 
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , 
watching your favorite pet get buried alive 
who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach 
its scrapbook of oddballs 
such subtlety and warmth 
anger and frustration 
illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in . 
as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor 
hyper-realistic images 
provide an intense experience 
explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children . 
sex 
that rare family movie -- 
fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages . 
mummy and the mummy returns 
another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 is as generic as its title . 
a middle-aged romance 
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue 
comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 
provide its thrills and extreme emotions 
, and genius 
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept . 
like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 
this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back . 
of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement 
laughing at ' variety 
fondness 
not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 
should never , ever , 
davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air 
tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot . 
television screen 
fearlessness 
documentary to disregard available bias 
suffer ' 
lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary 
very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb 
cinema master class . 
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper . 
fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard 
, it 's nowhere near as good as the original . 
the first lousy guy ritchie imitation 
of smart jokes 
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . 
by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment 
is n't exactly profound cinema 
made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half 
( a ) soulless , stupid sequel ... 
remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective 
does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 
unflattering comparisons 
the film 's most improbable feat ? 
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull 
confusing sexual messages 
safe as a children 's film 
ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine 
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded 
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , 
whipping 
e.t. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet . 
genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama 
the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful 
i am baffled by jason x. 
the food is enticing 
comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness 
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive 
it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong 
a well loved classic 
its shortness disappoints 
images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic 
samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 
hates its characters 
is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing 
love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 
its pulpy core conceit 
an edgy thriller 
a rustic retreat and pee against a tree 
crappy movies 
it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers 
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema . 
, ivan is a prince of a fellow 
gets sillier , not scarier , 
crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script 
this year 's razzie 
welcomed 
the movie is a disaster . 
something of a stiff -- 
's stuffy and pretentious 
does n't disappoint . 
legal battle 
the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew 
pow 
with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars 
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination 
for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why 
average formulaic romantic quadrangle 
those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . 
country 
these two literary figures , and even the times 
is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking . 
the tinny self-righteousness of his voice 
juicy 
a classy , sprightly spin on film 
a much funnier film 
when ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science 
it 's unnerving suspense 
writings to perform 
that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are 
the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest 
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking 
the most accomplished work 
gentle , lapping rhythms of this film 
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , 
suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length 
too great 
contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama . 
's still quite worth seeing 
respectable summer blockbuster 
unimaginative 
is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull 
can practically hear george orwell turning over . 
seriously bad 
he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 
dull 
quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to 
imaginative teacher 
seen as hip , 
replaced by romance-novel platitudes 
spectacularly ugly-looking 
, haphazard , and inconsequential romantic 
it 's not original enough . 
turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions . 
get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen 
any age 
long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time 
is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be . 
the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 
wiggling energy 
redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot 
great over-the-top 
cultural 
's coherent , well shot , and 
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and 
it gets harder and harder to understand her choices 
brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman 
a movie-industry satire 
's fun for kids of any age . 
been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster 
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight 
jackass '' fan 
the material and the production 
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep . 
affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror 
... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations . 
to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers 
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme 
imaginative filmmaking 
favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate 
happy ! 
left a few crucial things out , 
to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama 
does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas 
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama 
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula 
is a mess from start to finish . 
the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen 
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 
fixating 
see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi 
no psychology here , 
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , 
powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama 
-- full of life and small delights -- 
low , very low 
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and 
a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire 
the best possible senses 
does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . 
a serious movie with serious ideas 
intense , claustrophobic 
delivers on that promise 
an unruly adolescent boy 
undeterminable 
there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm 
will find little new here 
overcomes its visual hideousness 
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing 
is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor 
it holds itself 
intimate contemplation 
build some robots , haul 'em to the theater with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year . 
're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license 
like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown 
the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession 
the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had 
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- 
too weak a recipe 
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot 
tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 
a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus 
as a mechanical apparatus 
is left slightly unfulfilled . 
has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players 
downright intoxicating 
super-dooper-adorability intact 
aching 
an exceptional thriller 
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make . 
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history 
have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart 
does n't leave you with much . 
is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful 
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' 
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china . 
a terrific role 
's a real shame 
he will once again be an honest and loving one 
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , hélène angel is definitely a director to watch . 
for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham 
clever and cutting , quick and dirty look 
mr. nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity . 
an enjoyable trifle 
's no fizz 
of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past 
approach to the workplace romantic comedy . 
creative belly laughs 
wholesome and 
alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight 
action laudable 
a loss 
emphasis 
is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . 
will want to see over and over again 
cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . 
fierce , glaring and unforgettable . 
dull in its lack of poetic frissons 
reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things 
the best in recent memory 
coarse , cliched and clunky 
is superficial 
of its marks 
by the most random of chances 
as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia 
, it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . 
serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves 
bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling 
original and highly cerebral 
small , personal film 
all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy 
nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 
's no energy . 
too predictable 
wo n't much care about 
's still entertaining to watch the target practice 
most of the problems with the film 
imaginative through out 
this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture 
gigantic proportions 
its passages of sensitive observation 
stock situations and characters 
this is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny . 
at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness 
is a just a waste . 
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life . 
problematic 
intelligence and intensity 
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film 
lonely and needy 
is strictly routine . 
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . 
then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees . 
charm and charisma 
articulates a flood of emotion . 
rousing , 
ambiguous enough to be engaging and 
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord 
visual flair 
good pace 
this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat 
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle 
love , memory , history and 
of the year 's most enjoyable releases 
as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries 
use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 
style and flash 
go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset 
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence 
to the most crucial lip-reading sequence 
's a terrible movie in every regard , 
boyd 's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon . 
recommend secretary 
labored 
grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces 
the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story 
a step further , richer 
more meaningful 
good , solid storytelling . 
a confusing melange of tones and styles , 
is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary 
captures both the beauty of the land and the people . 
fascinating 
fearlessly 
shooting itself in the foot 
to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff 
engrossing piece 
sordid and 
's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires 
mr. clooney , mr. kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster . 
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this 
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title 
color and depth , 
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows 
a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing 
upper teens may get cynical . 
flaccid odd-couple sniping 
90-minute dud 
a vehicle to savor binoche 's skill 
cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle 
are the greatest musicians of all time 
once amusing 
need not apply 
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding 
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job 
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , 
is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , 
the result is disappointing 
the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure . 
'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery 
a gleefully 
for its rather slow beginning 
encouraging thought 
should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake 
cliched 
labored and unfunny 
sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 
silliness and 
's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn 
's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film 
it is nearly impossible to look at or understand 
created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point 
, kinetically-charged spy flick worthy 
, often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness 
that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived 
found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances 
nice 
this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . 
the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . 
a fine , focused piece of work 
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot 
worst harangues 
xerox of other , better crime movies 
inane and 
, it 's a bargain-basement european pickup . 
one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking . 
fun for kids of any age 
not-nearly 
eccentric and 
in a downward narcotized spiral 
the battle bots 
lacks in outright newness 
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . 
make this a comedy or serious drama 
chance to prove his worth 
smooth , shrewd , powerful act 
the slapstick is labored , 
blockbusters 
the utter cuteness 
the thrills pop up frequently 
wondrous love story 
in what is essentially an extended soap opera 
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances 
bracing truth 
settles too easily along the contours of expectation 
achievement 
the real turns magical 
mcgrath 
to stop watching 
a sharp script and strong performances 
it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . 
the best brush in the business 
that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally 
filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 
the humor wry 
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years . 
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope . 
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; 
good-naturedness 
deserves an oscar nomination . 
wonderous accomplishment 
glued to the screen 
ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients 
that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore 
this thing is just garbage . 
another genre exercise 
have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize 
far-flung , illogical , 
and utterly pointless 
the stuffiest cinema goers 
only thing missing 
feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . 
cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 
mawkish 
beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics . 
to unexpected heights 
not , difficult and sad 
is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 
that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film 
decomposition 
to protect your community from the dullest science fiction 
hate it because it 's lousy 
gives the lie to many clichés 
impeccable comic skill 
has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story . 
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and 
beautifully acted 
fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution 
drains it 
keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots . 
offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility 
an adorably whimsical comedy 
existential exploration 
astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . 
directed with purpose and finesse 
decent 
his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon 
, by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 
to a spectacular completion one 
powerful and reasonably fulfilling 
congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much ! 
familiar situations and repetitive scenes 
true star 
's both charming and 
the experience of staring at a blank screen 
invaluable service 
seem sure of where it should go 
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content . 
the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless 
hugely entertaining and uplifting 
gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good . 
is that it does n't make any sense 
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship 
works - mostly due to its superior cast 
live happily 
to remain an unchanged dullard 
his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery 
juiced 
done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age 
is less successful on other levels 
a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe 
becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead 
filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen 
have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way 
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience 
unblinkingly pure as the hours 
would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes . 
be more complex than your average film 
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up 
the human story is pushed to one side 
asset 
flagrantly fake thunderstorms 
flopped 
do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ? 
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) 
in a bid to hold our attention 
's nice to see piscopo again after all these years 
transcendent love story 
you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly . 
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one . 
learning but inventing a remarkable new trick 
the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard 
is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . 
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them 
to call the film ` refreshing 
meaningful 
`` one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? '' 
a fresh and absorbing look 
making a vanity project with nothing new 
raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids 
offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject 
best movie 
even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament 
your least favorite 
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman . 
wonderfully lush 
useless 
appropriately 
as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension 
rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor 
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and 
be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality 
awe and affection -- 
even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making 
dumb action movie 
for its profound humanity 
the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story 
flashes of mordant humor 
like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok 
cares 
can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . 
vulgar 
while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
this remarkable and memorable film 
romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in . 
, non-exploitive approach 
pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia 
turmoil 
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . 
has you study them 
keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 
much about the film , including some of its casting , 
this is a heartfelt story 
the unacceptable , the unmentionable 
gender-bending comedy 
overlong and not well-acted , 
than awe 
's a fantastic movie 
helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure 
a thriller with an edge 
apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program . 
are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life . 
film legacy 
this quality band may pick up new admirers 
film history 
paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal 
as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points 
inept direction , 
the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things 
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way . 
really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages 
of wit and dignity 
funny look 
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , 
dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut 
keep parents away 
as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year 
is delightful in the central role 
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here . 
can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ? 
a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile . 
is truly funny 
a niche hit 
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains 
a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents 
better than ` shindler 's list ' 
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow 
the wrong times 
this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian . 
some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk 
's relentlessly folksy 
more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition 
with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy 
much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors . 
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch 
some charm and heart 
large-format 
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature 
a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times 
that malarkey 
wiseman 's warmest 
who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us 
should get a pink slip 
, hard-hitting documentary . 
none of this sounds promising and 
than to rush to the theater for this one 
is awful 
for no one 
no rest period , 
what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 
with the lovely hush 
great rewards 
die 
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty . 
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , 
they see the joy the characters take in this creed 
slightly less successful 
one of the best love stories of any stripe 
convincing intelligence 
mentally `` superior '' 
, nasty journey 
90-minute postmodern voyage 
like a bad idea from frame one 
the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart . 
the book 's irreverent energy , 
aged past his prime 
an excellent companion piece 
all as very important 
as rude and profane 
have a whale of a good time . 
it plainly has no business going 
through dahmer 's two hours 
distinguished and thoughtful 
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang 
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) 
without being forceful , sad without being shrill 
sickening product placement 
any of the signposts , as if 
bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 
stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies 
parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature 
rally to its cause , 
boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery 
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson 
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb . 
represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . 
very , very good 
spot 
the talented 
poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 
because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 
prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms 
movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 
like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story 
's funniest and most likeable movie in years . 
drab 
the art direction is often exquisite , 
flailing reputation 
botches 
roiling black-and-white inspires 
is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend 
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . 
michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal 
it 's easy to love robin tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- 
less successful 
create and sustain 
elbowed aside by one-liners 
original is its content , look , and style 
does n't quite know how to fill a frame . 
's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming 
while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain 
in the media 
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic . 
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . 
everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious 
intelligent 
embracing than monty 
low-tech 
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya 
cusack 's just brilliant in this . 
personal tragedy and 
( herzog 's ) personal policy 
as its larger themes 
triumph over a scrooge or two 
by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him 
one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 
and small delights 
to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 
make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool 
feels all too familiar 
astonishing ... ( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment . 
so much more 
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression . 
silly , stupid and pointless 
making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be 
cheap-shot 
intellectually and logistically a mess . 
ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike 
rises 
bring something new into the mix 
a heroine 
obviously has its merits 
smart comedy 
ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway 
that made the first film so special 
never quite gel 
being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 
supposedly funny movie 
fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller 
appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work 
a straightforward , emotionally honest manner 
objectivity and refusal 
that is really funny 
a sharper , cleaner script 
at its cluelessness 
through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people 
adults behave like kids 
the adjective ` gentle ' 
( and its palate ) 
treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina 
is full of charm 
a saga of the ups and downs of friendships 
are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work . 
then go see this delightful comedy . 
a weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media subcultures . 
narc 
does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . 
hate to tear your eyes away from the images 
realistic , non-exploitive approach 
may marginally enjoy the film 
it lacks in substance 
it 's splash without the jokes . 
good news to anyone 
childish things 
a great script brought down by lousy direction . 
-- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline 
warmest 
complete moron 
by anne-sophie birot 
it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 
leave you cold 
stock plot 
smash its face in 
very tasteful 
, godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . 
do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . 
just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 
in formal settings with motionless characters 
about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise 
forgotten the movie 
're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you 
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but 
be shaking your head all the way to the credits 
winning actor 
'm guessing the director is a magician . 
is classic nowheresville in every sense 
film that will enthrall the whole family . 
is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 
remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck 
these ambitions , laudable in themselves 
grown tired of going where no man has gone before 
proficiency 
the emperor 's club , 
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold . 
and `` terrible 
cutting-edge indie filmmaking 
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director 
it 's just too dry and too placid 
read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema . 
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . 
work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose 
are more compelling than the execution 
more tiring than anything . 
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue 
above much of the director 's previous popcorn work 
a bad taste 
a clever script 
articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy 
are some fairly unsettling scenes 
an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . 
taken as a whole , the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot . 
often exquisite 
made the original men in black such a pleasure 
has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series 
smarter offerings 
too evident 
for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all 
thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change 
the amazing film work 
a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder 
seduce and 
one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness 
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure 
more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach 
schizo 
more unmentionable subjects 
wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why 
the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 
, he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
thriller as lazy 
with few respites , marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it . 
can say 
make a clear point -- 
, every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 
less than fresh 
's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name 
the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars 
turn out to be delightfully compatible here 
was developed hastily after oedekerk 
humorous 
`` far from heaven '' 
adequately 
this is not an easy film . 
the imagination 
schütte 's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close . 
trashy , kinky fun 
with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances 
together with efficiency and an affection for the period 
a welcome lack 
redundant , sloppy 
in their cheap , b movie way 
whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude 
that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool 
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece . 
third act miscalculation 
gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls 
punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . ' 
an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation 
both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks 
in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine 
but windtalkers does n't beat that one , either . 
a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made . 
in the 
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious 
one of the great minds of our times 
of jason x 
's worse , routine 
a such a brainless flibbertigibbet 
rotten in almost every single facet of production 
're at the right film . 
of a film that are still looking for a common through-line 
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and 
infatuated 
the script 's refusal 
than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises 
plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . 
to the background -- a welcome step 
see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . 
sure hand 
, beautifully realized 
of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year 
the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective 
offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . 
to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 
the characters seem one-dimensional 
madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . 
we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses 
approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise 
fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 
fantastic movie 
an interesting psychological game 
too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy 
i 'm not even a fan of the genre 
comedic 
stink bomb . 
a true and historically significant story 
the power-lunchers do n't care to understand 
whether or not you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . 
like a lazy summer afternoon 
of quality 
in this every-joke-has - been-told-a 
future years as an eloquent memorial 
win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews 
an apartheid drama 
rohmer 's talky films fascinate me 
under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . 
a light-hearted way the romantic problems 
that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , 
the film 's appeal 
the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze 
i 'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking . 
to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society 
sordid of human behavior on the screen , 
the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality . 
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s 
throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . 
that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot 
are well worth revisiting as many times as possible 
brave and sweetly rendered love story . 
follows into melodrama and silliness 
nice , harmless 
demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides 
... an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit . 
confidently 
that will thrill you , touch you and make you 
it 's great for the kids 
the insinuation of mediocre acting or 
's not that funny -- 
two surefire , beloved genres 
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ? 
who might enjoy this 
will find it more than capable of rewarding them . 
from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic 
the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots 
is god 
does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve . 
sweet , even delectable diversion 
so many explosions 
miserable and 
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence . 
aimlessly and 
's badder than bad 
nothing good 
the amazing spider-man 
of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements 
has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society 
supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment . 
rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ... 
as history 
that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system 
nothing we have n't seen before from murphy 
tedious 
a wet burlap sack of gloom 
the thing about guys like evans is this : you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins 
moments of hilarity to be had 
be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made 
i 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back 
has a good line in charm 
nearly incoherent 
the highly predictable narrative falls short 
a high note 
'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . 
enlightening , insightful and entertaining 
essentially juiceless 
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art 
there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue . 
worthwhile addition 
be growing 
, pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 
overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm . 
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and 
filling 
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny 
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 
reenacting a historic scandal 
in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity 
to laugh , groan and hiss 
their contrast 
sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty 
up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick 
colorful and controversial 
the movie is certainly not number 1 
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged . 
most enjoyable 
filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another 
that they are doing it is thought-provoking . 
is funny , 
a great deal of fun 
want my money back 
endearing , caring 
, i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . 
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . 
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and 
becomes instead a grating endurance test 
, undisputed scores a direct hit . 
very pleasing at its best moments 
, overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other 
damned wonderful 
twitchy acting 
get in the way 
eerie thriller 
you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century 
after seeing ` analyze that , ' i feel better already . 
playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a 
might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block 
a geriatric 
visual style 
care less 
gooding is the energetic frontman , and 
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects . 
a good film 
spectacularly beautiful 
falls apart like a cheap lawn chair 
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and 
cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly 
perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty 
pitifully unromantic 
, blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest . 
... visually striking and slickly staged 
laughed that hard in years 
old age and grief 
discover that the answer is as conventional as can be 
one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while 
coy but exhilarating 
, awe-inspiring visual poetry 
user-friendly 
they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor . 
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 
it 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . 
is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out 
offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect 
taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff 
it 's a cool event for the whole family . 
so devoid of artifice and purpose 
in an attempt 
little vidgame pit 
the film 's needlessly opaque intro 
is masterful 
we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show 
several plodding action sequences 
an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence 
charisma and 
agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals 
is that it 's a brazenly misguided project . 
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold . 
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance 
to merit such superficial treatment 
therapy-dependent flakeball 
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes . 
to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 
like leafing through an album of photos 
gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers . 
its own quirky hipness 
as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort 
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes 
the superficial way 
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects . 
can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure 
, the movie possesses its own languorous charm . 
to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time 
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor 
none of the plot ` surprises ' 
ridiculous action sequences 
sickeningly real 
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . 
perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year 
without a fresh infusion of creativity 
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , 
a huge disappointment coming , 
including a knockout of a closing line 
and crude storyline 
a small star with big heart 
i walked out of runteldat 
of clichés , depression and bad alternative music 
scarily funny 
, showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 
its own most damning censure 
in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal 
served with a hack script 
emerged as hilarious lunacy 
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff . 
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene . 
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum 
wise and elegiac ... 
is why i have given it a one-star rating . 
the girls ' amusing personalities 
you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape 
has some of the best special effects 
is a convincing one , 
the film 's winning tone 
to extremist name-calling 
all the heart 
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 
offers a persuasive 
strangely funny 
sentimental ooze 
bad romances 
it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 
huge heart 
a pleasure to watch 
a hallmark film 
lazy material 
cast the magnificent jackie chan 
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name . 
a taut , sobering film . 
the demons of his own fear and paranoia 
with the pubescent scandalous 
urban comedy 
becomes too heavy for the plot 
is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . 
's sweet and fluffy at the time 
black hawk down with more heart 
a very distinctive sensibility 
as well-characterized 
much entertainment value 
15 years old 
delightful in the central role 
many moviegoers 
is delightful in the central role . 
in remembrance 
oh , and more entertaining , too . 
here are unintentional . 
comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture . 
one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history 
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out 
offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor . 
sordid and disgusting 
excellent 90-minute film 
simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops 
gives a performance that is masterly . 
by men of marginal intelligence 
he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 
offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable 
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans 
an intelligent , realistic portrayal 
has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 
melodramatic movie 
know what to make of this italian freakshow 
delicious pulpiness 
, ` swept away ' sinks . 
sick and demented 
ca n't really call it a work of art 
surreal ache of mortal awareness 
revelatory performance 
in this elegant entertainment 
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack 
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break 
you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll 
entertainment opportunism at its most glaring 
the new insomnia 
reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . 
humorous . 
a bunch of strung-together tv episodes 
makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates 
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well . 
kids-and-family-oriented 
drops the ball 
has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew 
to give them credit for : the message of the movie 
sweet-tempered comedy 
some cute moments , funny scenes , 
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- 
skillfully assembled , 
justifies 
weepy melodrama 
playwriting 
terrifying angst 
is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream 
obvious and lengthy 
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play . 
who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent 
grab your kids and run and then probably call the police 
one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty 
an addictive guilty pleasure but the material 
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day . 
the flowering of the south korean cinema 
vowing , 
moving , and adventurous directorial debut 
is that her confidence in her material is merited 
delights for adults 
, auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ... 
, somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 
often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction 
is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere . 
while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . 
exquisite motion picture 
something more user-friendly 
you sweat 
a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary 
of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels 
with music and laughter 
no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch . 
pretty funny movie 
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull . 
shot all the way . 
potty-mouthed 
those prone to indignation need not apply ; 
waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense 
a beguiling evocation 
a thoughtful movie , 
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 
what ( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned . 
largely flat and uncreative 
a heartfelt romance 
mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies 
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level 
half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening 
cheapen 
a fairly slow paced , 
why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , i did n't care . 
're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 
freshness 
the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm 
tortured and 
bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points . 
concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 
walked out 
how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg 
manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience . 
an exquisite , unfakable sense 
childlike dimness 
ahola ) 
buoyant delivery 
turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema 
this refreshing visit 
a potentially good comic premise and 
conceptual feat 
sappy ethnic sleeper 
tom green 's freddie got fingered 
a frighteningly fascinating contradiction 
fascinates 
despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun . 
director juan jose campanella 
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense 
is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others 
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived . 
a slam-bang extravaganza that 
intimate , unguarded moments 
you can feel the love . 
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious 
a dashing and resourceful hero 
a dull girl , 
is powerful and provocative . 
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences . 
the darkest variety 
that plays things so nice 
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell . 
how bad an actress she is 
very talented 
never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 
a sane regimen 
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly 
, luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain 
, sterile and lacking 
remarkably faithful one 
the dead horse of surprise 
love to come from an american director in years 
the best he 's been in years 
darker 
gets full mileage out 
viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality 
a good simmer 
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing . 
brilliance 
's an ambitious film 
bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . 
broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed . 
a compelling story of musical passion 
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . 
avarice and damaged dreams 
falls victim 
some decent performances 
greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior . 
particular interest 
, then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 
polanski 's best film 
imagine o. henry 's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene . 
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard . 
is too loud and thoroughly overbearing 
what is kind of special 
a lot of charm 
of a great one 
morgen and nanette burstein 
spend years trying to comprehend it 
get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company 
in enough clever and unexpected 
an awkwardly contrived exercise 
invigorating , surreal , and resonant 
rehashes several old themes 
bleak 
linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie 
, it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . 
chin 's film serves up with style and empathy 
it 's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours . 
setting off 
a disappointment 
to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 
from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron 
in entertaining 
besson has written in years 
more problematic aspects 
wildly fascinating 
washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell 
stevens ' vibrant creative instincts 
warm and fuzzy 
's a movie about it 
a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing 
effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 
to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 
evelyn comes from the heart . 
splendid meal 
worth your time 
all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas 
there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone . 
odds with the rest of the film 
's just that it 's so not-at-all-good . 
naipaul original 
alive and 
overbearing and over-the-top as the family 
a decent attempt 
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on . 
for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 
than a ` direct-to-video ' release 
is a little scattered -- ditsy , 
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries . 
that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner laurence coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage . 
and paper-thin supporting characters 
is funny and pithy 
dry humor 
some first-rate performances 
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences 
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces . 
buddy cop comedy 
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter . 
sluggish pace and lack 
genuinely pretty 
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon . 
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 
clunky tv-movie 
promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera . 
spiteful idiots 
about the thousands of americans who die hideously 
offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past 
it 's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . 
a web of dazzling entertainment 
increasingly amused 
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks 
goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . 
spreads them pretty thin 
intermittently good 
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints 
feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off . 
represents an engaging and intimate first feature 
this sucker 
carries us effortlessly 
elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world 
naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks 
denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag 
would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book 
uncompromising film 
a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor 
spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing . 
have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered . 
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) 
for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half . 
's unfocused and tediously exasperating 
first-rate , especially sorvino 
an out of place metaphor 
structure and 
the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . 
it 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal . 
repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense 
a glorified sitcom , 
favored 
undergo radical changes when it suits the script 
the gallic ` tradition of quality 
avoids the obvious 
manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 
birthday girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency . 
denzel 
first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast 
stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry 
most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain 
sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care 
as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 
it 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt . 
remarkably cohesive 
, comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 
this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery . 
well shot 
leonine power 
paved with good intentions leads to the video store 
's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face . 
very humble 
loved the look of this film 
his storytelling skills have eroded 
the story has its redundancies 
a visual spectacle 
to check your brain at the door 
control-alt-delete simone 
the pleasure of watching them 
the nonconformist in us 
the leads are natural and lovely 
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- 
is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half 
it 's a rock-solid little genre picture 
is really , really stupid . 
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise . 
to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 
peculiar malaise 
this is a children 's film in the truest sense . 
the divine calling 
is reasonably entertaining 
hollywood disregard 
an unprecedented tragedy 
as enlightening , insightful and entertaining 
it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . 
perfectly executed and 
the worst films 
feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards 
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies . 
spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 
are poorly delivered 
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome 
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent . 
whole hours 
) comes off like a hallmark commercial 
wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor 
too grave for youngsters 
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and 
from a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times . 
as deflated as he does 
a strong pulse 
to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) 
` epic 
but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic . 
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness . 
provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex 
but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title . 
so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second 
is long gone 
the courageous molly craig 
award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens 
an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues 
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but 
pretty decent kid-pleasing 
to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in 
to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson 
heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated 
beautifully shot , 
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad 
punchy dialogue 
full of charm 
pig 
difficult to fathom 
`` abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . 
the beast should definitely get top billing 
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style 
than a stifling morality tale 
makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow 
see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale 
offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun 
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want 
as an actor 's showcase 
try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored 
a compelling , gut-clutching piece 
kind of terrific 
reassuring , retro uplifter . 
hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is 
this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years 
is virtually absent 
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting 
but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 
is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad 
unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile . 
tired old vision 
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating . 
but overall the halloween series has lost its edge 
diane lane 's sophisticated performance 
may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not 
flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism 
horrific 
can admire 
one of the worst films of the summer 
hanging 
hypertime in reverse 
a fun and funky look 
dying and loving 
help but engage an audience 
with an appropriate minimum of means 
an unholy mess 
do n't really care too much about this love story . 
would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way . 
is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 
with unexpected comedy 
, this is the one . 
it does n't disappoint . 
it 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence . 
choppy recycling 
in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate 
most good-hearted 
inventive directors 
to mesmerize , astonish and entertain 
the spotlight 
a gorgeous film - 
untrained in acting 
unhurried narrative 
want to see over and over again 
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday . 
true and 
a fudged opportunity 
one of the best movies of the year . 
how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie 
, the project should have been made for the tube . 
plodding soap opera 
plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy . 
which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile 
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this 
a rambling and incoherent manifesto 
too heady for children , and too preachy 
to be that rarity among sequels 
swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch 
albeit a visually compelling one 
catches the chaotic horror 
essentially a collection of bits -- 
in the truest sense 
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 
as it is hard to resist 
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies 
no solace here , no entertainment value 
perceptive 
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition . 
the talented cast 
is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll 
, its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start . 
that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh 
argentinian thriller 
eighties 
a little underconfident 
keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired 
miss it altogether 
schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness . 
with this silly little puddle of a movie 
she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here 
superb performances throughout 
even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 
acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being . 
of modern life 
to break the tedium 
this comic gem 
make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation 
pretty listless collection 
the enduring strengths 
set it apart from other deep south stories 
the earmarks 
stale first act , scrooge story 
hiding behind cutesy film references 
a fascinating part of theater history 
hollywood ending is a depressing experience 
gives none to the audience 
the joyous , turbulent self-discovery 
bloated plot 
has merit 
is oscar-worthy 
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 
are ... impeccable throughout 
( siegel ) and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie . 
cleverly written 
a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- 
while some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work . 
is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing 
touching , raucously amusing 
most improbable 
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . 
( breheny 's ) lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people . 
to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 
by anything on display 
you laugh once ( maybe twice ) 
funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre 
congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it 
clear-cut hero 
adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying 
does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers . 
singing and finger 
ultimate demise 
brainless , 
does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy . 
done-to-death 
a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier 
an old-fashioned scary movie , 
its charms 
bile , and irony 
entirely infantile 
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ? 
a purposefully reductive movie 
that annoying specimen of humanity 
the consequences of its own actions and revelations 
fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling 
honestly , i do n't see the point 
get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy 
immensely enjoyable 
being memorable 
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies . 
as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film 
in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work 
the extent to which it succeeds is impressive . 
that believing in something does matter 
offbeat thriller 
icily brilliant 
, compulsive life 
reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 
it 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind . 
his dependence on slapstick 
tasty 
cheapen the overall effect . 
into the extraordinarily rich landscape 
's all the stronger because of it 
finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films 
starts slowly , but adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying . 
of one of the best films 
is lacking 
strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances 
it 's self-defeatingly decorous 
very well-written and very well-acted 
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 
, violent movie 
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . 
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . 
what on earth is going on 
stands for milder is n't better . 
recommend it enough 
an engrossing portrait 
of the rotting underbelly of middle america 
for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster 
a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure 
to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore 
empty exercise 
far more interesting 
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say 
directed , barely 
honestly nice little film 
is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . 
begin to long for the end credits 
as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie 
uninspired preachy and clichéd 
with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups 
that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 
seat 
( macdowell ) ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is . 
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional . 
of the week blown up for the big screen 
candid , archly funny 
well-mounted 
which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 
smug and convoluted action-comedy that 
in other words , it 's badder than bad . 
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . 
is the best star trek movie in a long time 
in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 
, this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all . 
fest that 'll put hairs on your chest 
cheap trick 
poignant and leavened 
another run-of-the-mill disney sequel 
an entertaining mix 
tired retread 
carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it 
featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore . 
's a sad , sick sight 
it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy 
who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 
that is wickedly fun to watch 
( jeff 's ) gorgeous 
's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , 
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates 
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion 
scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv 
that this is n't something to be taken seriously 
enough to give you brain strain 
, this movie proves you wrong on both counts . 
that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community 
it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . 
the highest production values you 've ever seen 
they love and make 
to be somebody , and to belong to somebody 
heavy-handed , manipulative 
to send your regrets 
steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films 
the very best movies 
the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 
its own brilliance 
boisterous energy 
at times , it actually hurts to watch . 
the magnificent jackie chan 
in its splendor 
does n't reach them 
funniness 
as offensive 
a miraculous movie , i 'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion . 
even when crush departs from the 4w formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash . 
has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout . 
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense . 
sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack 
two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up 
it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie 
trusts the story it sets out to tell . 
lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 
, well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six . 
if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong 
me feel unclean 
a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story 
set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine 
seems suited neither to kids or adults . 
sensation 
director nancy savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions 
is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 
, it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 
a treat -- 
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something 
overly original 
the most ordinary and obvious fashion 
take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire 
a searing lead performance 
be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' 
if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski 
the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean 
stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes 
more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable 
some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson 
clever 
that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film 
, all-enveloping movie experience 
to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 
what 's worse , routine 
thought-provoking film 
sketchiest 
thought-provoking and 
puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible 
too many wrong turns 
make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 
a mawkish self-parody 
the movie is a trove of delights . 
drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage 
all the usual spielberg flair 
creativity 
has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity 
strains 
hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie 
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility . 
lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history . 
padded 
a bit of a downer and a little 
gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms 
, but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too . 
she 's appealingly manic and energetic . 
layered , well-developed characters and some surprises 
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject 
a gleefully grungy 
witless script 
so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat . 
too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy 
this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . 
goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . 
his dead mother 
never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs 
it looks good , but it is essentially empty . 
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and 
the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences 
full-bodied 
a noble failure . 
gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance . 
does n't necessarily 
makes it a party worth attending . 
the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen ( vega ) and juni ( sabara ) cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take . 
sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins 
its exquisite acting , 
is authentic to the core of his being 
blockbuster 
, heartfelt 
make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching 
( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and 
as a masterfully made one 
a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer 
lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy 
do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action . 
wonderfully warm human drama 
disappointed by a movie 
means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one . 
takes every potential laugh and 
unnerving suspense 
's apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career 
his films so memorable 
the story itself is actually quite vapid . 
the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand 
filled with love for the movies of the 1960s . 
on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi 
also nicely done 
to easy feel-good sentiments 
, it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome . 
his best-known creation 
the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther 
proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent 
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way . 
an insult to every family 
but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 
rather than provocative 
does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago . 
with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations 
that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 
it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular 
slapdash disaster . 
can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 
compelling film . 
i have n't laughed that hard in years ! 
addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat 
pushed to their most virtuous limits , 
the biggest problem with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything . 
gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air 
that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly 
a photographic marvel 
a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 
nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore 
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot . 
of great actors hamming it up 
can truly be 
hopeless 
's as entertaining 
a ragbag of cliches . 
witless mess 
despair 
with spikes of sly humor 
unnoticed 
of hell 
a solid base hit . 
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay . 
to triumphantly sermonize 
excited 
offensive and nothing at all like real life 
welcome perspective 
is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch 
needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting 
engrossing entertainment 
i 'm guessing the director is a magician . 
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any oscars . 
a creative urge 
fade from memory 
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year . 
i liked this film a lot ... 
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity . 
stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering 
it 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space . 
scary-funny 
, those rejected must have been astronomically bad 
romance 
's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form . 
, potent exploration 
the mayhem in formula 51 
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted . 
higher 
with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender 
poor remake 
you wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies . 
ethics 
her defiance 
thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began . 
, thoroughly involving 
the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects 
with a game supporting cast 
of ` let 's get this thing over with 
the breezy and amateurish feel 
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater 
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities 
protagonists 
shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable 
classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' 
sensuality and a conniving wit 
in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating 
all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate 
sexy and romantic 
delivers a magnetic performance . 
direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 
the characters are so generic 
it 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . 
in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 
tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence 
a surgeon mends 
has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 
hallmark card sentimentality 
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down . 
a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess 
alternately fascinating and frustrating 
the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching . 
what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings . 
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama . 
is difficult to fathom . 
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . 
always fairly 
jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations 
solid pedigree 
its decrepit freaks 
captivating details 
a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary 
combustible mixture 
twisted , brilliant and macabre 
does n't trust laughs 
is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . 
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it . 
angry 
like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going 
love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence 
are remarkable 
that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject 
disposable , kitchen-sink homage 
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but 
discomfort 
minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy 
that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective 
you 'll regret 
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg 
much to it 
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view . 
with cliche 
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe . 
is a wonderful thing ; 
shockingly manages to be even worse than its title 
bolado credit for good intentions 
of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 
solid base 
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre . 
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie . 
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives . 
that it is n't very good 
that likely 
davis 
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning . 
in insignificance 
lush scenery 
realized that i just did n't care 
undisciplined 
for kids , spirit 
... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends . 
and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 
smoothly sinister freddie 
most importantly 
believable that you feel what they feel 
going nowhere fast 
to describe how bad it is 
its epic scope 
that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves 
writer / director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable . 
manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 
in how much they engage and even touch us 
good human 
charm , cultivation and devotion to his people 
mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 
unblinking work 
: land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . 
its extremely languorous rhythms , 
had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine 
if you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need . 
humane and important 
the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face . 
every bit as filling as the treat of the title 
yes , that 's right 
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original 
the characters are based on stock clichés , 
make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 
is so often less 
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss 
never gets off the ground . 
tian 's meticulous talent 
gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug 
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , 
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere . 
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars 
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess 
rather routine 
's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit . 
sucking you in ... 
rising 
seem so real in small doses 
passion , grief and fear 
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage . 
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news 
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors 
flounders under the weight of too many story lines . 
there 's definite room for improvement . 
alienating 
friendly 
establishes its ominous mood and tension 
quirky , charming and often hilarious 
all its fusty squareness 
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric 
few things more frustrating 
ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff 
sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh 
holds the screen like a true star 
seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags 
take on loss and loneliness . 
skillfully 
that everyone can enjoy 
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film . 
the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations 
is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker 
the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking 
then biting into it and finding the filling missing 
worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham 
terminally brain dead production 
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life 
-- worst of all -- 
, the humor dwindles . 
teeny-bopper 
whole lot scarier 
has succeeded beyond all expectation 
a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget 
for unexpectedly giddy viewing 
is as generic as its title 
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and 
cedar 's 
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time 
's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . 
going to feel like you were n't invited to the party 
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection 
visual hideousness 
for a painful ride 
's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish 
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , 
i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies 
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling 
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . 
wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama 
breathtakingly assured and stylish 
a copy of a copy 
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch 
expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time 
the talent is undeniable 
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... 
i still want my money back . 
dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 
too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present 
's all bluster and cliché 
it does n't make any sense 
does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us 
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : 
funnier version of the old police academy flicks 
an entertaining documentary 
warm and winning 
very bad scouse accents 
it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction 
her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game 
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , 
that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism 
formula mercilessly 
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon . 
he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . 
sheerly beautiful film 
amusing for a good while 
such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care 
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , 
threw medical equipment at a window 
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan . 
whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action 
lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail . 
ignored it 
dashing and absorbing 
style and mystification 
ultimately lifeless 
to tear your eyes away from the images 
`` home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . 
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . 
rich promise 
abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them 
did n't offer an advance screening 
often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy 
of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph 
, redundant , sloppy 
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade . 
caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion 
puzzle whose pieces do not fit . 
in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 
touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon 
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion . 
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- 
you feel like a chump 
'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 
unflinching and objective look 
the lush scenery 
like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy 
what saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . 
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it . 
keenly 
can be numbing 
brilliantly written 
teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop 
features nonsensical and laughable plotting 
last-minute 
that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener 
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures 
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful 
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom . 
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller . 
love a disney pic 
while the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . 
flashy 
stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks 
expertly 
originality in ` life ' 
fast-edit , hopped-up fashion 
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images . 
forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos 
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing . 
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , 
treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . 
the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid 
laugh their *** off 
uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch 
benefit enormously 
i simply ca n't recommend it enough . 
graduated 
( sam 's ) self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining . 
about as interesting 
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit 
which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 
anemic , pretentious 
fluttering 
triumphs 
a retread story , bad writing 
all-star salute 
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right 
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery . 
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . 
in a superficial way , while never sure 
is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity 
acidity 
to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 
, an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness . 
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- 
itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy 
the ridiculousness of its premise 
intelligent , realistic portrayal 
let this morph into a typical romantic triangle 
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle 
subtle and visceral 
unimaginative and 
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames 
awards animals the respect they 
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore . 
( it 's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller 
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career 
to arrest development in a dead-end existence 
well-intentioned effort 
the mediocre end of the pool 
its own action is n't very effective 
with a zippy jazzy score 
another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre . 
impressive roster 
in and of himself funny 
trying to please his mom 
that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 
does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
thoughtful , visually graceful 
closed 
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted 
to sneak out of the theater 
... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking . 
visual charm or texture 
as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care . 
a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers 
part of being a good documentarian 
a wildly entertaining 
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew 
are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script 
gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' 
vibrant 
is weak . 
a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 
, and among the best films of the year . 
the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce 
you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role . 
as wonderful on the big screen 
the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable 
is n't a very involving one 
, heartwarming yarn 
crafted film 
a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking 
liked it 
that is actually funny without hitting below the belt 
boring and meandering 
more than a tepid 
sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things 
of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface 
'll feel as the credits roll 
is pretty damned funny 
determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action 
is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness 
is ) a fascinating character , 
is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone . 
murky 
an intense political and psychological thriller 
prove more distressing 
a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations . 
elegantly produced and 
the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy 
keep it up 
wishy-washy melodramatic movie 
has done the nearly impossible . 
is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . 
to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned 
it worth watching 
of the greatest date movies in years 
what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure 
he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty 
is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . 
is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit 
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games 
has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . 
pleasurable expressions 
virtually unwatchable 
so heartwarmingly motivate 
on mgm 's shelf 
who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 
a cockeyed shot all the way . 
'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking 
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action 
a tired tyco ad 
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise 
it look like a masterpiece 
melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner . 
his surprising discovery 
that rare documentary that incorporates so much 
beautifully edited 
the misery of these people 
, this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ... 
sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser 
worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids 
a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective 
off the page , and for the memorable character creations 
transvestite comedy 
joyless , 
you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides 
the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill . 
it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch . 
an impressive hybrid . 
redolent 
directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ... 
fast , funny , and even touching 
he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit 
is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . 
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... ( it ) comes off like a hallmark commercial 
with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives . 
recycled plot 
what a reckless squandering 
end all chases 
be as intelligent 
, this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 
his slop 
one spectacularly ugly-looking broad 
integrating the characters 
failed jokes , 
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family . 
most flamboyant female comics 
, mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience . 
ideal 
are an immensely appealing couple 
to view one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy 
remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks 
left me behind 
's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . 
deep bow 
keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong 
genuine spontaneity 
significantly better 
left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . 
to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed . 
the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season 
mark ms. bullock 's best work 
the simpering soundtrack and editing more so 
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure 
a sharp movie 
shot like a postcard 
rewarding 
engaging and intimate 
squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 
-- and far less crass - 
-- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise . 
well-done film 
faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a 
a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- 
like a spectator and not a participant 
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and 
something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere 
looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer 
exceptionally charming 
after all , it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies . 
horrible 
merchant ivory productions 
having a nightmare about bad cinema 
without cheesy fun factor . 
kinda wrong in places 
around this movie directionless 
the startling intimacy 
ever so gracefully 
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness 
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and 
is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way . 
beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet 
absorbing and unsettling psychological drama 
moody male hustler 
foul 
characteristically startling visual style and 
's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough . 
imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 
delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . 
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell 
really solid 
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters 
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters 
most plain , unimaginative 
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights 
an enthusiastic charm 
broomfield has compelling new material 
if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication 
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but 
glossy rehash 
no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it 
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers . 
big splash 
shamefully 
satisfyingly unsettling ride 
to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain 
seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string 
its awkward structure and a final veering 
intrepid 
keep it interested 
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor . 
subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances 
supremely 
the lord of the rings 
an energetic and engaging film 
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . 
see the it 
one of the most interesting writer/directors 
spirited away is a triumph of imagination 
your indifference 
the lack of climax and , worst of all 
the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well 
is all the more remarkable because it 
's still entertaining to watch the target practice . 
too goodly , 
loneliness and insecurity 
strong dramatic and emotional pull 
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough . 
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence 
the unexplored story opportunities of `` punch-drunk love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson . 
a pretty good overall picture 
to enjoy good trash every now and then 
less than 
this saga would be terrific to read about 
is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . 
the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it 
of quiet power 
pissed 
lumps of coal 
of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness 
keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . 
direction and especially charm 
as if by cattle prod 
a party-hearty teen 
comprehensible 
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell . 
you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind 
get 
without any redeeming value whatsoever 
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already 
horrid little propaganda film 
because your nerves just ca n't take it any more 
ordinary and obvious 
spoofs and celebrates 
is a career-defining revelation . 
of weird performances and direction 
is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation . 
has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 
smartly 
it falls far short of poetry , but 
as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby 
with enough unexpected twists 
boisterous 
in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace 
gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along 
while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be 
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . 
coppola 's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . 
a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns 
up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick 
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty 
sparse but oddly compelling 
emotional and 
a great piece 
pretty much self-centered 
a solidly entertaining little film . 
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... 
looked like crap 
muting 
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers . 
a huge box-office hit in korea 
is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying . 
the general 's 
holds up 
the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . ' 
this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight . 
often hilarious . 
it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults 
the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid 
about in thick clouds of denial 
reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture . 
a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' 
through its otherwise comic narrative 
crime drama 
better movie 
$ 99 bargain-basement special 
sad , sordid universe 
much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ... 
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and 
the ticket you need 
this sensuous and spirited tale 
going to be something really good 
lacks the utter authority of a genre gem 
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun . 
is often very funny 
best achievements 
enjoy 
is why film criticism can be considered work 
of drooling idiots 
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view 
a portrait of alienation so perfect 
confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema 
really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' 
stunning film 
good action , good acting , good dialogue , 
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , 
keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease . 
comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case 
cynicism every bit 
's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety 
astonishingly condescending 
the gloomy film noir veil 
scene-chewing 
some real vitality and even 
ambitious comic escapade 
has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours 
talky 
limited but enthusiastic 
jumps to the head of the class of women 's films 
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety . 
a true believer 
the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . 
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , 
no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle 
sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic 
the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman 
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ... 
not even solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . 
the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way 
historically significant work 
first-class , natural acting and 
is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor 
intellectual and emotional pedigree 
that ca n't totally hide its contrivances 
death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke . 
, i love it ... hell , i dunno . 
more ways 
always entertaining , 
inescapable past and uncertain future 
cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock 
you do n't need to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california . 
, the more you will probably like it . 
right actors 
paint-by-numbers picture 
its own languorous charm 
the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material . 
sade achieves the near-impossible : 
we just do n't really care too much about this love story . 
well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 
high-strung 
as boring and 
something goes bump in the night and nobody cares 
than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds 
if the movie knew what to do with him 
a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor 
only open new wounds 
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here . 
mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless . 
've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer 
enough vices to merit its 103-minute length 
visually masterful 
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters . 
historically significant , and personal , episode 
growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and 
that 's good enough . 
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked 
the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man 
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly 
it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming 
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity . 
based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior 
that a feel-good movie can still show real heart 
represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy 
is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer 
its rather slow beginning 
featuring an oscar-worthy performance 
uselessly 
to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this 
awesome 
its unique feel 
with a flourish 
an assurance worthy 
aimless , arduous , and arbitrary 
only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department 
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 
in middle-of-the-road blandness 
a deeper story 
make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film 
must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 
unblinkingly pure 
it might deliver again and again 
to his people 
it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say 
shared by the nation 
does display greatness 
the art direction is often exquisite , and 
to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop 
not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ? 
incoherent 
this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . 
a fascinating character 's story 
's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments 
is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . 
above pat inspirational status 
fun of me 
love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots 
shame americans , 
the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor 
this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism 
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity 
it is formula filmmaking 
such high-wattage brainpower 
does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 
, most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 
once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ... 
this insane 
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat . 
marginal 
on hammy at times 
has a compelling story to tell 
would reach for a barf bag 
something impressive and yet lacking about everything 
be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble 
needlessly opaque intro 
's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror 
a formula comedy 
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history 
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... 
schlocky 
no , it 's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels 
a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile 
the picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed . 
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness . 
painful nuance 
making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters 
bothered to construct a real story this time 
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero 
to offend 
driven by appealing leads 
vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of 
cranked out on an assembly line 
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor 
mild disturbance or detached pleasure 
shyamalan 's gifts 
it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur 
be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 
's also not very good . 
a warm , enveloping affection 
to mind : so why is this so boring ? 
increasingly diverse french director 
that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise 
's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix . 
is engaged 
bilingual charmer 
irresistibly 
flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation 
cold-fish 
about whose fate it is hard to care 
an interesting controversy 
run-of-the-mill singles blender 
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches 
lousy way 
the entire exercise has no real point 
entertainment 
quirky and satirical touches 
go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving 
leave you wanting to abandon the theater 
, but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 
their most virtuous limits 
in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship 
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , 
actually makes the heart soar 
impeccable 
first scene 
outdoes its spectacle 
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but 
many such biographical melodramas 
's worth yet another visit 
it 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits . 
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them . 
is charming 
's far from fresh-squeezed 
speeds up 
as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life 
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance . 
overinflated 
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth . 
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy 
a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn 
a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity . 
that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , 
you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out 
stress ` dumb 
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 
a markedly inactive film , city 
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life . 
the characters sound like real people 
reality drain 
bland to be interesting 
personal velocity 
is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe 
an accomplished actress 
thoughtful and 
the movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell . 
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit . 
beating the austin powers films 
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either . 
is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film 
falling in love 
a sad aristocrat in tattered finery 
a wild ride 
virtue 
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , 
a country skunk 
might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ? 
monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough 
aggravating 
emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions 
showcases a group of dedicated artists 
lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies 
you were n't invited to the party 
clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes 
could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent 
the superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other . 
good acting 
of the best gay love stories 
for a story 
to an imitation movie 
triteness 
, slow scenes 
we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold . 
of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story 
's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original 
centers 
less a story 
to lead a group of talented friends astray 
notable 
offers an intriguing what-if premise . 
it made me feel unclean , and i 'm the guy who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies . 
an all-around good time at the movies 
all over this `` un-bear-able '' project 
a winning and wildly fascinating work 
bon appétit ! 
director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema 
the edge of sanity 
a deficit of flim-flam 
an extended , open-ended poem 
festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you . 
the beauty and power of the opera 
effort to understand everyone 's point of view 
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal . 
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache . 
visually ravishing 
a polished and vastly entertaining caper 
sweet 
its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 
handed down from the movie gods 
improvement 
sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago . 
, its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . 
a fantastic dual performance 
that memorable 
of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle 
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat . 
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and 
's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be 
such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 
dialogue and plot lapses 
is heartfelt and achingly real 
far less 
that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship 
you can actually feel good 
photographed with color and depth , and rather a good time 
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films . 
change a nation 
lousy tarantino imitations 
leaves you giddy 
had all its vital essence scooped out and 
is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus . 
animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and 
hold dear about cinema 
nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album 
promising work-in-progress 
that carries a charge of genuine excitement 
its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 
unbreakable 
flaws igby 
unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness 
in bad stage dialogue 
a wonderous accomplishment 
meal 
humor and technological finish 
directorial tour de force 
aimless , 
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you 
limited by its short running time 
it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points . 
sincere 
bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing . 
seems timely and important . 
set the cause of woman warriors back decades 
seriously dumb characters 
a big , tender hug 
would have been better off staying on the festival circuit 
than most third-rate horror sequels 
capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries 
other foul substances 
graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake . 
articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy . 
into a smart new comedy 
too much 
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack 
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , 
a movie that is n't just offensive 
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and 
find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie 
sixties-style slickness 
venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece 
of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract 
allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced 
nothing happens 
a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen 
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 
a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination 
more disciplined grade-grubbers 
amidst the action , the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . '' 
a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 
-- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- 
utter authority 
delightful work 
there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm . 
clever and unexpected 
aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil . 
to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe 
will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness 
just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 
all bluster 
about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season . 
is more accurate than anything 
if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 
to inject farcical raunch 
faced 
delivering oscar-caliber performances 
it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels . 
tequila bender 
that most frightening of all movies -- 
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies 
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core 
charming but slight tale 
sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 . 
one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else . 
an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . ' 
meandering ending 
pure , exciting moviemaking 
a great one 
of dramatic enlightenment 
boring and obvious 
more down-home flavor 
a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses 
is its utter sincerity 
does a good job 
disservice 
never comes together 
for sick and demented humor simply 
chilling and fascinating 
a peculiar malaise that renders its tension 
to some truly excellent sequences 
same old garbage 
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming 
balances both traditional or modern stories together 
your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts 
a flourish 
is pure , exciting moviemaking 
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , 
scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an 
has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes 
own most damning censure 
if the full monty was a freshman fluke 
pull his head out of his butt 
emphasized 
moments to keep it entertaining 
a solid cast 
detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie 
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick . 
like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank 
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor . 
exploitative garbage 
feel like time fillers between surf shots . 
's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . 
that grand a failure 
splashed with bloody beauty as vivid 
do you 
plotless collection 
captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse . 
often surprising twists 
in some delightful work on indie projects 
for damon/bourne or his predicament 
it does n't give a damn 
all the stronger 
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning . 
is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term . 
to make it worth watching 
enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages 
interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 
of denial 
is the superficial way it deals with its story 
intensely romantic , 
touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty 
superbly 
of matthew shepard 
a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . 
growing up that we do n't see often enough these days 
are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk 
genial 
's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn . 
eventful 
are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks 
the wildly popular vin diesel 
after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music . 
does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past 
inquisitive enough 
i last walked out on a movie 
of the grieving process 
agreed 
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films 
have no bearing on the story 
superlative 
no earthly reason 
the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers 
tremendously moving 
the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative 
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images 
a sensitive and astute 
vaporize from your memory minutes 
a `` snl '' has-been 
`` spider-man '' certainly 
if considerably less ambitious , 
an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 
more of : spirit , perception , conviction 
banal and predictable 
despite all the backstage drama 
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , 
the mushy finale 
the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with 
that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline 
tsai 's usual style and themes 
refreshingly smart and newfangled 
is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family . 
hip comedy 
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance 
being exciting 
comprehend it 
the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists 
a wet burlap sack 
enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals 
is misbegotten 
feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy 
most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing 
to waste their time 
permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed 
65-minute trifle 
a complete waste 
the film has an infectious enthusiasm 
will turn bill paxton into an a-list director 
add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale 
with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering 
this is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 
my ribcage 
high humidity 
sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life . 
gentle and humane side 
a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome 
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner . 
be on video 
is serene , the humor wry and sprightly 
when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen 
good-time 
fussing over too weak a recipe 
never feels draggy 
even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic 
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this 
than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline 
if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for . 
boxes these women 's souls right open for us 
capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy 
its inventiveness 
i did n't care . 
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them 
left slightly unfulfilled 
goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly 
richly entertaining and suggestive 
that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in 
translate well to the screen 
plainly dull 
damon/bourne or his predicament 
to make a big splash 
that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september 
proves himself a deft pace master and stylist 
with so much first-rate talent 
a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous 
illiterate 
of tradition and warmth 
( a ) thoughtful , visually graceful 
the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while 
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? '' 
edge to it . 
a playful spirit 
feels derivative 
be distasteful to children and adults alike 
as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- 
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie . 
a smile on your face 
modern-day royals 
well-made 
like the excruciating end of days 
in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon 
most moronic 
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear . 
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam 
the lady and the duke surprisingly 
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage . 
a strong and unforced supporting cast 
before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about 
believable 
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . ' 
aesthetically and sexually 
revealing nothing 
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy . 
throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` look at this ! 
, notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should . 
holds you in rapt attention from 
is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen 
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish . 
resident 
a coming-of-age movie 
uninvolving 
fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite 
downright transparent 
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial . 
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject 
is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight 
as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting . 
luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing 
action-packed film 
rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture . 
the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . 
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done . 
doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans 
fulfilling 
cute alien 
it is flawed 
girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls 
riveted to our seats 
it 's inauthentic at its core 
, it 's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . 
a rollicking good time 
unexpected blast 
wal-mart budget 
goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering 
kindness 
benefits from serendipity but 
in need of a scented bath 
lighthearted glow 
its story is only surface deep 
a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films . 
good old-fashioned adventure 
a beautiful , entertaining two hours 
picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 
what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 
strong , measured work 
a shakespearean tragedy 
always hilarious 
of creative belly laughs 
who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies 
you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you 
interminably bleak 
credible and remarkably mature 
the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling . 
this distinguished actor 
to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine 
illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box 
reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon 
in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . 
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious 
thoroughly enjoyed the love story 
expressionistic license 
` refreshing 
it 's good enough for our girls 
flat 
suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics 
audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter 
dearly 
's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns 
watchable stuff . 
where the film falters is in its tone . 
one-dimensional 
a convolution 
good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it 
miss 
death , especially 
the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows 
any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 
the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow 
more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air 
offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , 
prolonged extrusion 
breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers 
evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . 
neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy 
by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 
on standard horror flick formula 
like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story 
-- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same 
will likely be nominated for an oscar next year 
going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 
the delete key 
a pack of dogs who are smarter than him 
a besotted and obvious drama 
good race 
snide and prejudice . 
creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity . 
multi-layers 
as naturally 
direct-to-video ' release 
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time . 
stale retread 
sing beautifully and 
form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare 
gutter 
before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon 
raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up 
beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 
is about as deep as that sentiment 
quirky comedy 
find compelling 
the opera 's drama and lyricism 
really bad imitation 
piercing 
it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 
anguished 
interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective 
rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright 
great team 
loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 
is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence 
are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all . 
a visionary 
's definitely a step in the right direction 
impressive and yet lacking about everything 
a heavy stench 
, swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . 
that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging 
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , 
not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at . 
losin ' his fan base 
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men . 
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire . 
realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen 
a blown-out vein 
alexandre 
is intriguing 
the franchise 's best years 
serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale 
slapped together . 
sets out 
, marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it . 
does n't really add up to much 
that 's why sex and lucia is so alluring . 
brutally honest and 
, it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds 
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food . 
solid filmmaking 
hear george orwell turning over 
amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise 
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill . 
a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone 
in the songs translate well to film 
visually 
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions 
flinging their feces at you 
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony 
does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience 
, with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly 
so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower 
too campy to work as straight drama and 
masochistic moviegoers 
this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever . 
so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 
solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 
legged freaks 
of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary 
its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads . 
a miraculous movie 
said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise 
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but 
transforms this story about love and culture 
reach for a barf bag 
far less sophisticated 
potent exploration 
in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels 
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost 
regret and 
keeps this pretty watchable , 
though nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature . 
the demented mind 
lusty , 
unlikable , 
only a genius 
know the band or the album 's songs by heart 
achingly unfunny phonce 
final verdict 
lack depth or complexity 
could take me back to a time before i saw this movie 
soulless techno-tripe . 
like this movie a lot . 
smarter than your average bond 
, clarity and emotional 
opened it up for all of us to understand 
half past dead is just such an achievement . 
a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience 
too bad to be good and 
who understands how to create and sustain a mood 
being forceful , sad without being shrill 
care 
a pleasant and engaging enough 
freshly 
many good ideas 
holds you 
it 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins . 
windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . 
foul up shum 's good intentions 
at its best 
exceedingly clever 
used to burn every print of the film 
admirably 
, genuine 
of honest poetry 
moviegoers not already clad in basic black 
road 
is why film criticism can be considered work . 
mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos 
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and 
like legally blonde and sweet home abomination 
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings . 
sci-fi . 
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche 
beautifully 
and there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . 
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world . 
bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs 
a grating , 
a laugh between them 
about schmidt belongs to nicholson . 
's back in form , 
take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them 
, director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors . 
tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush 
from the ages 
enjoyed . 
what they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . 
about how lame 
a feast 
that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism 
that may not always work 
been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted 
criminal 
a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness 
excellent performances 
pulpy core conceit 
his inspiration 
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances 
fun and funny in the middle 
, earnest and -- sadly -- dull 
is as conventional as can be 
however entertainingly presented 
terrific to read about 
reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality 
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie . 
about openness , particularly the 
staring 
to enjoy for a lifetime 
will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter 
builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love 
-- thoughtfully written 
which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain 
that it 's offensive 
heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 
expressively performed 
obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 
lightweight filmmaking 
, sad dance 
enthusiastic charm 
gorgeous to look at 
as it is repetitious 
it is a whole lot of fun 
as a tribute 
a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating 
's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . 
otherwise dull 
, unfussily poetic 
blatantly biased 
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute 
nausea 
could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling . 
hot and the john wayne classics 
essentially ruined -- or , rather , 
spectacular belly flops 
a juicy soap opera 
he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited 
a glorious dose 
direct-to-video/dvd 
vanity film 
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening . 
a smart movie 
makes it work more than it probably should 
infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own 
in that something 's horribly wrong 
's not enough substance here 
an amused indictment of jaglom 's own profession . 
have been called freddy gets molested by a dog 
tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . 
the likes 
make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come 
spiritual journey 
more likely to induce sleep than fright 
maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature 
should drop everything and run to ichi . 
good actors , good poetry and 
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict 
creepy 
rich and full life 
painless 
competent performers from movies , television and the theater 
short on larger moralistic consequences 
somehow snagged an oscar nomination 
tastelessness and gall 
lessen the overall impact the movie could have had 
is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . 
... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . 
feel cheated 
one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work . 
revisionist 
explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut . 
feeling refreshed and hopeful 
another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix 
the best short story writing 
held my attention 
convincing portrayal 
sentimentality and annoying stereotypes 
damaged 
well-conceived 
's been done before 
a film that has nothing 
but what is missing from it all is a moral . 
becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on 
the torments and angst 
which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 
of obnoxious 
respect 
less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series 
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives 
dehumanizing and ego-destroying 
the martial arts master to top form 
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily 
some remarkable achival film 
it 's his strongest performance since the doors 
a bit too eager to please 
allegedly inspiring and easily marketable 
is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage 
is tragically 
one of the best rock documentaries ever . 
often pointless 
the film is strictly routine . 
that graze the funny bone 
've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material 
getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable 
watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement . 
metaphor 
that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party 
replete with the pubescent scandalous 
is to be mesmerised . 
is pleasant , diverting and modest 
( a ) boldly stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain . 
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile 
does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject . 
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas 
spend with these people 
above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 
has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but 
marginal intelligence 
see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 
gain the unconditional love she seeks 
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold ! 
insightful moments . 
his life-altering experiences 
sinister 
spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry . 
the slow parade 
is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back 
in the process created a masterful work of art of their own 
and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated 
's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments 
landing squarely on `` stupid '' 
misfire that even tunney ca n't save 
any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body 
believable and heart-wrenching 
wickedly fun 
if there 's no art here 
silly horror movies 
stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier . 
crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) 
's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? 
more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies 
up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking 
the rich promise of the script 
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . 
less concerned with cultural and political issues 
writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . 
a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point 
unexpectedly moving 
rewarding . 
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- 
to turn his movie in an unexpected direction 
funny and well-contructed black comedy 
love the robust middle of this picture 
proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , 
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john 
worthy addition 
you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus 
more than a little pretentious 
dark areas 
is visually smart , cleverly written 
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling 
normally could n't care less 
hackneyed , threadbare comic setups 
that should bolster director and co-writer 
be bored by as your abc 's 
ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 
the saturday morning cartoons 
at its worst 
beauty or humor 
bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams 
from being a complete waste of time 
sodden 
, spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 
morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about . 
alone is worth the price of admission . 
odd enjoyably 
stellar performance 
short and sweet 
for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her 
violence 
worth seeing 
as it turns out , you can go home again . 
better films 
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images 
high drama , 
hugely rewarding 
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , 
is the drama within the drama 
, singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn . 
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it 
a been-there 
amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio 
, queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . 
liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive 
with tremendous promise 
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , 
unexpected comedy 
as crisp and 
's plenty to enjoy 
a great monster movie 
work and 2002 's first great film 
in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 
suffer the same fate 
the filmmakers just follow the books 
focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs 
, marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances . 
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . 
its excellent storytelling , 
from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense 
a nicely understated expression 
comes off as a pale successor 
very compelling , sensitive 
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman . ' 
guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) 
inventive screenplay 
a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history 
than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe 
bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago 
, you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 
thriller 
tell you how tedious , 
with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack 
lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded . 
's always fun to watch 
the feel of a fanciful motion picture 
a man in pain 
a really bad imitation 
take notice 
is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief . 
so different from the apple and so striking 
, steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 
documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 
limitations 
as a classic movie franchise 
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride 
, the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it . 
deeply satisfying 
john carpenter 's original 
what an idea , what a thrill ride 
continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio . 
it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance 
the dream world of teen life 
is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 
susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up 
derivative and hammily acted . 
a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before 
a great companion piece 
's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it . 
for most of the movie 's success 
's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence 
at this nonsensical story 
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style 
turns out to be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness 
realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion 
's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own 
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles 
it 's an unhappy situation all around . 
, let alone funny 
charged music to the ears of cho 's fans 
spirit 
an extraordinary film 
for bad movies 
mindless action flick 
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller . 
for the earnest emotional core 
an almost unbearably morbid 
excess debris 
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress 
the story has little wit and no surprises . 
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago 
, may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . 
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself 
a new treasure of the hermitage 
are quite touching 
and unsettling subject matter 
that made a walk to remember a niche hit 
throw each other out windows 
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , 
humorous and 
engaging and exciting narrative 
to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort 
see coming a mile away 
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic . 
with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage 
lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving 
burnt out 
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play 
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 
's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn 
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved . 
an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book 
into an excruciating film 
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor . 
swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard 
engaging , surprisingly 
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy 
hard-driving 
one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences 
a distinguished and thoughtful film 
easy to be bored by as your abc 's 
even more to think about after the final frame 
creeping 
of building to a laugh riot 
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape . 
original film 
befuddled 
... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels . 
a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie 
collapses 
, nothing good can happen 
infuses the movie with much of its slender , 
is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story 
fluid and mesmerizing 
beautifully sung holiday carol 
to crush depth 
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance 
that is where ararat went astray . 
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity . 
a work of outstanding originality 
blacked out in the lobby 
bad and baffling 
refreshingly natural 
is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card . 
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass 
bores 
cuteness 
the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , 
frustrating 
what makes the film special 
eloquent , reflective and beautifully 
leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 
, it 's a very very strong `` b + . '' 
flash but little emotional resonance 
so aggressively cheery 
enjoy yourselves 
this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen 
that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies 
always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 
the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 
the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile 
is bright and flashy in all the right ways 
're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 
, e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone . 
fine job 
a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 
are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable 
the best rock 
to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 
improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor 
a strong narrative 
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling . 
motivated 
is a remarkably original work 
offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone 
preposterous , prurient 
black-and-white 
an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans 
the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock 
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic . 
is it a comedy ? 
an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds 
remains prominent 
two directors with far less endearing disabilities 
been there , done that , 
the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style 
taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history 
the slippery slope 
the high infidelity 
the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box 
could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one 
good to be bad 
engrossing and different 
soulless 
the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over 
this tired retread 
the year 's best films 
humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be 
the best possible senses of both those words 
charm and heart 
a peculiar malaise 
festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you 
for one of the worst movies of one year 
fails to provoke them 
has never looked uglier . 
you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard 
rusi vulakoro 
what 's best about drumline is its energy 
's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure 
the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary 
historical event 
dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous 
that 's actually sort of amazing 
the atmosphere 
wannabe film 
rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except 
pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings 
life , hand gestures , 
this chiaroscuro of madness and light 
is hell 
is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career . 
it 's tough to watch , 
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids 
the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez 
he 's the best brush in the business 
inept and artificial 
ca n't miss it 
thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable . 
flinching 
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe 
carvey 's glory days 
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience 
it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 
the poor and the dispossessed 
don 
, you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 
murky cinematography 
own solemn insights 
the urge to doze 
the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely 
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet 
one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen 
of the outstanding thrillers of recent years 
surprisingly similar 
are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine 
a feeble tootsie knockoff . 
a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 
the charms 
shoddy 
an electric pencil sharpener 
hedonistic creativity 
guilty 
the film is competent 
bring on the sequel 
good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe 
another routine hollywood frightfest 
it is unwavering and arresting 
well-deserved reputation 
concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt 
a coherent whole 
the only fun part of the movie 
even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic 
can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice 
who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia 
cheap-looking version of candid camera 
fans clamoring for another ride 
confidently orchestrated 
, duty and friendship 
solid emotional impact 
it 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead . 
a good music documentary , 
exciting 
over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time 
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , 
a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective 
corrupt 
holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers 
for this illuminating comedy 
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm . 
will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll 
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , 
repellent 
painful and refreshing 
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . 
will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy 
the sexual politics too smug 
as little cleavage 
a muddle 
may lack the pungent bite of its title 
funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 
slick production values 
's no accident 
horribly depressing and not very well done 
disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera 
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and 
of sly humor 
that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 
the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death . 
insightfully 
that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually 
emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show 
is also a work of deft and subtle poetry 
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably 
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and 
, slow and dreary 
overwrought and crudely literal 
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully . 
as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . 
unexpectedly sweet story 
his film crackles 
a plodding mess 
no justice 
a delicious crime drama 
worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film . 
is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad . 
this charming but slight tale 
this turd 
enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit 
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt 
that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire 
so believable that you feel what they feel 
for an all-around good time at the movies this summer 
incurably 
got to me 
benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story . 
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch . 
for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas 
impacts 
a bad improvisation exercise , 
so distant 
without a conclusion or pay off 
hilarity . 
modern masculine journey 
works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon 
seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation 
had some success with documentaries 
good guys 
thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity 
ills 
seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk . 
than this mess 
settles too easily 
throughout this funny film 
true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya 
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary . 
to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story 
truth-telling 
's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . 
grandkids 
works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently 
interminable , shapeless documentary 
avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 
a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad 
notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 
on all cylinders 
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance . 
the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats . 
eats up the screen 
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters 
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility . 
drooling idiots 
his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways 
the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . 
world-renowned 
mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress 
unassuming , subordinate 
to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel 
lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . 
through some of clancy 's holes 
keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over 
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , 
its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups 
an exercise in chilling style 
where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' 
have an interest in the characters you see 
too few laughs 
such a blip on the year 's radar screen 
surprising emotional depth 
so much first-rate talent 
a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking 
so intimate 
you 'll probably love it . 
really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons 
aliens and 
every moment crackles with tension , and 
manages to incorporate both the horror 
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead . 
clear-cut 
beautifully crafted 
it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 
smell the grease on the plot 
shrewdly 
infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity . 
seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk 
toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again . 
destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , 
its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes 
most alive 
are simply dazzling , 
( an ) absorbing documentary 
engaging mystery 
a characteristically engorged and sloppy 
it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller . 
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas . 
slow , painful healing process 
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good 
in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty 
a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh 
that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk 
, the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché . 
they wo n't much care about 
so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . 
another entertaining 
is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic 
bluff 
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting 
completely wreaked 
that 's hard to resist 
self-destructiveness 
pretty good team 
the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food 
fine effort 
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot 
's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . 
something rare and riveting 
in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin 
pathetically compare notes about their budding amours 
mired in tear-drenched quicksand 
schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas 
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged 
robert duvall 
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part . 
... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch . 
frosting 
the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies 
's enough to sustain laughs 
one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible 
artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown 
of the darkest variety 
a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation 
it must be the end of the world : 
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , 
90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 
a fully engaged supporting cast 
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time . 
fairly weak retooling 
something new 
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age . 
an intensely lived time , 
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long . 
is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about . 
receive 
innovations and 
is repellantly out of control . 
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but 
for both children and parents 
sinks . 
begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 
oscar wilde 's classic satire 
it 's worth taking the kids to . 
than i 'd expected it to be 
falls short 
rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . 
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life 
with lots of somber blues and pinks 
their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact 
hideously twisted 
's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas . 
classic cinema 
the price of admission for the ridicule factor 
you want to slap it 
its namesake proud 
the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name 
the cast is top-notch and 
skillful fisher 
's plenty to offend everyone 
chillingly 
sweet , genuine chemistry 
rich in emotional texture 
an awfully good , achingly human picture . 
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and 
's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 
, laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 
chases for an hour and then 
no cute factor here ... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 
cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity 
in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining 
for its extraordinary intelligence and originality 
through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem 
, yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film . 
the acting is n't much better . 
's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out 
oscar winners 
check 
economical 
of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions 
hackneyed and meanspirited storyline 
giant step backward 
a heartfelt conviction 
odd and 
, davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air 
spellbinding fun 
lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit 
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , 
artificial and opaque 
are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 
with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around 
's a terrible movie in every regard 
forgets 
features some decent performances 
past love story derisions 
see it 
cute moments 
horrifyingly , ever 
if you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts . 
, quirky , original 
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , 
so charmless and vacant 
cinematic corpse 
dumb down 
recent hollywood trip tripe 
predictable rehash 
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid 
a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text 
well-intentioned 
you would n't want to live waydowntown 
a bracing 
there 's an energy to y tu mamá también . 
a fascinating , dark thriller 
a movie of riveting power and sadness . 
like a wet burlap sack of gloom 
trickery 
and crude film 
popcorn thriller 
seem heroic deserves a look 
single good film 
enjoyed themselves 
all too clever complexity 
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , 
almost unimaginable horror 
of the best films of the year 
but not without cheesy fun factor . 
beautiful , entertaining two hours 
of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life 
gong li and a vivid personality 
but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense 
a charming but slight comedy . 
are very , very good reasons 
of bewitched that takes place during spring break 
's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight 
best films 
no fun 
from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids 
an intelligent movie 
comes off winningly 
anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché 
's lovely and amazing , 
downfall 
a well-deserved reputation 
will likely prefer to keep on watching 
disintegrates 
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me . 
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype 
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but 
truly magical movie 
its overinflated mythology 
going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend 
accident 
able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 
an unusually surreal tone 
remarkably insightful 
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses 
understand everyone 's point of view 
terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most 
a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 
to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal 
thriller as lazy as it is interminable 
tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough 
achieved 
lame entertainment 
a fragile framework 
the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams 
a few evocative images 
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat 
the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes 
successful on other levels 
is doa . 
look too deep into the story 
mind-destroying cinematic pollution 
to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy 
a visionary marvel , 
without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision 
stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness 
a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along 
but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won . 
report that it is instead a cheap cliché 
's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . 
strolls through this mess with a smug grin , 
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one . 
a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point 
to the climactic burst of violence 
incompetent cops 
magnificent jackie chan 
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn . 
wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life 
find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating 
than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach 
popcorn adventure 
's the worst movie i 've seen this summer 
that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot 
is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in 
that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions . 
particular talents 
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 
indigestion sets 
, implausible 
the most brilliant work 
part biography , part entertainment and part history 
the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations 
most antsy youngsters 
brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans 
a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor 
he is always sympathetic . 
has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . 
heavyweight film 
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop 
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic 
what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors 
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie . 
this beautifully drawn movie 
is always sympathetic 
just ca n't take it any more 
the overall fabric is hypnotic 
's both charming and well 
gaping 
a stab at soccer hooliganism , 
some strong supporting players 
grievous but 
that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring 
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards 
prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences 
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge 
complex and quirky , 
thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest 
as the mediterranean sparkles 
enjoys the friday series 
that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you 
it 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert . 
tight 
too insistent 
effectively chilling guilty pleasure 
headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film 
often-hilarious 
thriller junk . 
, iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce . 
frittered 
new texture , new relevance , new reality 
the power 
who die hideously 
easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros 
think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star . 
i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 
has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors . 
thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book 
wickedly undramatic 
but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking 
the best films of the year 
full of masters of both 
one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . 
canny , meditative 
that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human 
if downbeat , 
( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction 
her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset 
maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling 
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration . 
the , yes , snail-like pacing and 
i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit 
not a strike against yang 's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? 
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director 
has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end 
a love song to the movies 
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her 
lee 's achievement 
interesting topic 
murder by numbers just does n't add up . 
miscalculates badly 
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold . 
a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 
twisted 
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel . 
most disappointing woody allen movie 
with flailing bodily movements 
flaccid satire and what 
certainly does n't disappoint . 
exquisite acting 
unreachable 
's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem 
a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 
makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare 
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast 
's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch . 
baroque beauty 
that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 
it 's hardly watchable 
very satisfying 
be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain 
have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 
sinister happy ending 
felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 
with a hack script 
sweeping , dramatic 
for human connection 
relentlessly saccharine 
discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman 
more repetition than creativity throughout the movie 
is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato 
a torrent of emotion 
bravery and integrity 
drag on for nearly three hours 
entertaining tricks 
sophomore slump 
dying and 
fusty squareness 
heavy-handed moralistic 
admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint 
eisenstein delivers . 
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting . 
irresponsible sandlerian 
the dutiful precision of a tax accountant 
no good inside dope , and 
several survivors , 
paints a grand picture of an era and 
when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 
, even delectable 
passe 
offers no new insight on the matter , nor 
angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . 
be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service 
the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . 
a funny , puzzling movie 
shoot something on crummy-looking videotape 
a fresh idea 
's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure . 
in the conception than it does in the execution 
eastwood 's loyal fans 
brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing . 
the disappointingly generic nature 
can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work 
so could young romantics out on a date . 
has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll 
in bad filmmaking 
out 
, the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans . 
make it sting 
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play . 
of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis 
priggish 
to be because it plays everything too safe 
a witty , whimsical feature debut . 
of empathy 
like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp . 
some savvy street activism 
seriously dumb characters , 
are both excellent 
offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch 
to surprise us with plot twists 
his rental car 
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 . 
all too familiar ... 
rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' 
rick 
in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage 
world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists 
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza 
is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families 
a tendency to slip into hokum 
, evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat . 
looks and feels tired 
never thought i 'd say this 
makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture 
what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook 
conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt 
robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 
is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions 
land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . 
slick and sprightly cgi feature 
sparse but oddly compelling . 
the depths 
give the transcendent performance 
low-budget hybrid 
turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy 
so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant 
can easily worm its way into your heart . ' 
the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature . 
it 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast . 
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships . 
watchable by a bravura performance 
gives it a buoyant delivery 
shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . 
ongoing - and unprecedented - 
is shallow , offensive and redundant , 
is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow 
that works . 
looked like crap , 
they fall to pieces 
but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish 
has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel 
prolific director 
bored by as your abc 's 
grows on you -- like a rash 
know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 
it 's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen . 
beautiful and mysterious 
much-needed levity 
it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end 
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about . 
much of the movie 's charm 
of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty 
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism . 
is n't scary . 
might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around 
terrible , banal dialogue ; 
scoring high for originality of plot 
a feat 
- kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked 
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 
saccharine as 
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- 
terrifying message 
well-crafted letdown . 
other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas 
strong-minded 
with his fake backdrops and stately pacing 
you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's 
one-of-a-kind 
the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 
that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone 
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , 
marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 
roman coppola 's brief pretentious period 
undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 
a brilliant motion picture 
this 65-minute trifle 
, he is always sympathetic . 
down-and-dirty laugher 
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults 
intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity 
moving and solidly entertaining 
chase to end all chases 
gorgeous color palette 
's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise . 
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment 
stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor 
it 's got the brawn , but not the brains . 
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness 
epic four-hour indian musical 
, even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 
touching , raucously amusing , 
as ugly as the shabby digital photography 
prettiest 
the schmaltz is manufactured 
to do , too little time to do it in 
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary 
there 's no art here 
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming 
short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty 
stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain 
like a student film 
of hype 
into the structure of relationships 
the wonderful cinematography and 
true and heartbreaking 
's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references 
's not half-bad . 
sheer audacity and openness 
, it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 
an intelligent person 
of wit or charm 
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval . 
induce sleep 
awe-inspiring 
document both sides of this emotional car-wreck 
is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . 
while remaining true to his principles 
a pale imitation 
a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet . 
's refreshing to see a romance this smart . 
delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale 
is full of charm . 
to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history 
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating . 
nincompoop benigni persona 
ride around a pretty tattered old carousel 
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work . 
the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 
funny and touching 
it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope . 
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike 
creating the characters who surround frankie 
and vin diesel is the man . 
none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest . 
miracle 
art film 
blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves 
they used to anymore 
innovative backgrounds 
that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 
the living hell 
meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 
too much norma rae 
quickly writes himself into a corner 
is hartley 's least accessible screed yet . 
likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen 
quickly wears out its limited welcome 
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results 
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . 
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture . 
the biggest disappointments 
such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 
plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting 
subject as monstrous 
it irrigates our souls . 
fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality 
` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation . 
frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution 
that make williams sink into melancholia 
religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and 
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart . 
come up with a better script 
young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale 
execrable 
nothing but net 
unlikable , spiteful idiots 
so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 
fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency 
to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 
best and most exciting movies 
enough to sustain laughs 
stylistic 
is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age 
simple-minded and stereotypical 
through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling 
a small movie with a big impact . 
who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron 
the best didacticism 
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity . 
a bold biographical fantasia 
though it 's equally solipsistic in tone 
muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible 
proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film 
most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme 
inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 
tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 
a giant step backward for a director i admire 
chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns 
an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate 
but strangely believable 
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , 
's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are 
share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 
than sucking you in ... and making you sweat 
waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading 
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence 
got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 
the cleverest 
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity . 
a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been 
insultingly inept and artificial 
given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment 
is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake 
been done before but never so vividly 
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment 
in the long-winded heist comedy 
best possible ways 
more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions 
raunchy and frequently hilarious 
unusually surreal tone 
not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid . 
i know i should n't have laughed , but 
flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror 
paranoia 
been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around 
form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change 
could be any flatter 
its originality 
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough 
it was written for no one 
a feel-good fantasy 
the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth 
absurd plot twists 
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic 
bad seeds 
is all too predictable and far too cliched 
are pretty valuable these days 
both oscar winners 
an elegant visual sense 
certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories 
in execution 
gifted performers 
ends up falling short as a whole 
that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy 
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms . 
went astray 
michel piccoli 's moving performance 
sustain a good simmer for most of its running time 
the film 's plot may be shallow 
in the business 
misanthropy 
moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming 
lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 
capped with pointless extremes 
feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us 
helluva singer 
ultimately vapid 
marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today . 
the slow , lingering death of imagination 
can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already 
warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages 
developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else 
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament 
any less psycho 
succeeds in making us believe 
does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along . 
the best korean film of 2002 
an exciting plot 
amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination 
nicely done 
skidding 
star 
amateurish 
starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers . 
and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor . 
having sucked dry the undead action flick formula 
a dramatic slap 
incoherent jumble 
more successful 
that makes it worth checking out at theaters 
long bore . 
reviewers 
utterly delightful . 
old-fashioned storytelling 
both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace 
to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama 
broken character study 
, evocative 
you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots 
greatest mistake 
is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 
staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby 
like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers 
neither is it as smart 
's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar . 
her grace 
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick 
preachy 
the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here 
accurately 
is a bowser 
shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 
'd want to watch if you only had a week to live 
while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters 
of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own 
a supremely kittenish performance 
gives the lie 
a cliché 
that makes all the difference . 
pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations 
was n't feeling any of it 
the pictures do the punching 
wrapped up in the characters 
has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity . 
his craft 
strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain 
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women . 
terrific story 
for no better reason 
postcard perfect 
every articulate player 
of cerebral and cinemantic flair 
inspire a trip to the video store -- 
little action , 
ludicrous and contrived 
bad reviews 
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out 
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics 
poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions . 
everything else about the film tanks . 
be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story 
take center screen 
paean 
value whatsoever 
only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 
if you can get past the taboo subject matter 
detailed down to the signs on the kiosks 
can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie 
has a terrific look 
the line between sappy and sanguine 
afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn 
the most creative mayhem 
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . 
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma 
that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge 
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled . 
similarly ill-timed antitrust 
helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games 
is n't much to it . 
i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . 
is nothing short of a great one 
of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories 
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever 
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed 
irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , 
as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen 
indie of the year 
is a riot . 
cliched dialogue and perverse escapism 
my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ... 
to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves 
is distressingly rote 
maudlin focus 
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and 
it can not even be dubbed hedonistic 
combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction 
thrills , 
grotesque and boring 
( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . 
that appeals to me 
at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways 
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes . 
you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy 
face arrest 15 years after their crime 
too long and unfocused 
is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor . 
transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair 
michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something 
another best of the year selection 
bad film you thought was going to be really awful 
succeeded only in making me groggy 
, superficiality and silliness 
entertains 
the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . 
service of of others 
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced 
a simple tale 
takes great pleasure 
runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem 
wince in embarrassment and others , 
is a mediocre movie trying to get out 
has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience 
loud and boring 
that loses sight of its own story 
a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else 
boldly stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain . 
makes the grade as tawdry trash . 
preachy and clichéd 
subtly kinky bedside vigils and 
like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 
the brilliant performances by testud 
to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food 
are presented in convincing way 
of continuity errors 
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles 
animation enthusiasts of all ages 
then by all means check it out . 
action scenes 
the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm 
this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same . 
makes it a failure as straight drama 
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is . 
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- 
fessenden continues to do interesting work , 
visually smart 
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap 
is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . 
veers like a drunken driver 
the delicious 
laborious 
the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together . 
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but 
dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool 
, then go see this delightful comedy . 
the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself 
brady 
is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything 
too loud , too goofy 
far more entertaining 
a dashing and absorbing 
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' 
on a high note 
like you 've actually spent time living in another community 
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters . 
a brilliant , absurd collection 
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm . 
... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative . 
a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth 
the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . 
is stiff or just plain bad 
admirable 
the phrase ` fatal script error 
a guarantee 
done , so primitive in technique , 
a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 
mattei 's underdeveloped effort 
shoestring and unevenly 
graceless 
that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing 
promising premise 
schneider is no steve martin 
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling 
stress ` dumb . ' 
two bodies and hardly a laugh between them 
immersive 
its recycled aspects 
gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling 
this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love 
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and 
be wholesome and subversive at the same time 
the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . 
( a ) poorly executed comedy . 
with imagination 
the hardy spirit of cuban music 
rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints 
puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery 
to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure 
the basic flaws 
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun . 
be themselves 
is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff 
a solid , unassuming drama 
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 
could very well clinch him this year 's razzie . 
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing . 
's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned 
hard to resist . 
of daring films 
everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 
surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia 
sun-splashed whites 
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling 
with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story 
animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , 
wild ride '' 
returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . 
cohesive 
of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself 
production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book 
seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers . 
genial but never inspired , and little 
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool 
the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing 
of the most original american productions this year 
fake backdrops 
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures 
richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing 
raw emotions 
is presented with great sympathy and intelligence 
highly uneven and 
what ` blade runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel . 
its delivery is a complete mess 
smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . 
an excellent cast 
the plot grows thin soon 
seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 
away a believer again and quite cheered at just that 
comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . 
stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter 
odoriferous thing 
predictable and cloying , 
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time . 
that deserves more than a passing twinkle 
have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling 
disappointments 
a zippy jazzy score 
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and 
of beautiful movement and inside information 
with us is a minor miracle 
life-affirming message 
preciousness 
best possible 
rediscovers 
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 
drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other 
has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation . 
the widowmaker is a great yarn . 
peculiarly 
explosive physical energy 
ferocity and 
the off-center humor 
just is n't a very involving one 
as an entertainment destination for the general public 
so fascinating 
a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone 
limited 
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper . 
laudable in themselves 
of stale gags 
produce adequate performances 
a japan bustling 
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and 
, deeply unsettling experience 
a fan 
a solid sci-fi thriller 
served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service 
but there 's plenty to offend everyone ... 
remarkable new trick 
a historically significant , and personal , episode 
larger than life 
with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 
a sense of real magic , perhaps . 
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion 
big fat pain . 
when it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ? 
the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 
refreshingly , 
the director 's epitaph for himself 
great credit 
a 10-course banquet 
a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 
the image that really tells the tale 
in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love 
blind date , only less 
has a tired , talky feel 
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ? 
as well-conceived as either of those films 
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music . 
check your brain 
namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . 
utterly forgettable 
is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work 
enjoy on a certain level 
trashy time 
the holes in this film remain agape 
agreeably startling 
like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable . 
two-dimensional and 
i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format 
the funniest person 
ultimate blame 
dumb drug jokes 
most of his budget 
pleasant enough -- and 
have otherwise been bland and 
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation . 
has solid acting and a neat premise 
of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness 
promising debut 
two hours feel like four 
stylish and 
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods 
its drastic iconography 
teasing 
worth watching 
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple 
is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved . 
highlight 
ca n't quite live up to it 
the year 's most enjoyable releases 
a provocateur 
revelatory and narcissistic 
there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is 
to great performances 
emotionally strong and politically potent 
of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding 
in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . 
's a pretty woman 
seem like something to endure instead of enjoy 
contorting itself into an idea of expectation 
into a black hole of dullness 
does not work 
( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional , even 
has no teeth 
a grand tour 
insufferably tedious and turgid 
from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way 
it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did i miss something ? '' 
a beyond-lame satire 
just a bunch of good actors 
to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies 
was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 
frankly , it 's pretty stupid . 
of gentle longing 
all the queen 's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers . 
this choppy and sloppy affair 
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time 
belittle a cinema classic . 
unique , well-crafted psychological study 
its beautiful women 
sits in the place where a masterpiece should be 
any movie with a life-affirming message 
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . 
along looking for astute observations and coming up blank 
farts , urine , feces , semen , or 
the group 's playful spark of nonconformity 
messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd 
maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make trouble every day any better . 
is also beautifully acted . 
descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured 
is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city 
smug or sanctimonious 
been more charming than in about a boy 
of a good vampire tale 
especially well-executed television movie 
ambitious films 
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , 
, we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . 
enduring 
satire lucky break 
is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context . 
guilt-trip 
a sleeper success 
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive 
ransacks 
supposed to feel funny and light 
fascinating examination 
feel fresh 
on different levels 
, flawless film , ( wang ) emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 
but undernourished and plodding . 
certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department 
patience 
with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace 
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 
by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor 
an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema . 
enjoyable 100 
should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans 
a possible argentine american beauty reeks 
sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music 
can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor 
those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party 
, an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . '' 
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama . 
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever . 
how the movie could be released in this condition 
gets vivid performances from her cast and 
fu 
of the unsung heroes of 20th century 
a feature-length film 
by-the-numbers yarn . 
( caine ) proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film . 
inspiration and 
wanting more answers as the credits 
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur 
would seem to be surefire casting 
blame eddie murphy 
lousy 
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop 
consistently funny 
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee . 
for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 
anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie 
snagged an oscar nomination 
the crap 
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , 
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential 
prefabricated story elements 
because we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed 
from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 
familiar and insufficiently cathartic 
a story of dramatic enlightenment 
medium-grade network sitcom 
features 
enough moments to keep it entertaining 
a rare and lightly entertaining 
notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness 
and mind-numbing indifference 
, you can feel the love . 
created a substantive movie out 
, below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 
grating and tedious 
potential success 
new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay 
, noisy and pretentious 
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , 
wide-eyed 
gripping portrait 
are a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall 
sheerly beautiful 
to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool 
of elegant wit and artifice 
emotionally and spiritually compelling 
a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message 
pitifully 
parents love to have their kids 
is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . 
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time . 
perfect teaming 
've completely lowered your entertainment standards 
the young actors , not very experienced , 
give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` 
in space , no one can hear you snore 
come to love 
nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding 
fertile 
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party . 
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show . 
as-nasty - 
of the more overtly silly dialogue 
uplifting and moving 
is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still 
wonderful , imaginative script 
you ca n't wait to see end . 
the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past 
, unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness 
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , 
rely on an ambiguous presentation 
more accurate than anything 
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality 
be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , 
remind one of a really solid woody allen film 
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 
sweetness , clarity and emotional 
these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy 
with an astoundingly rich film 
b-movie you 
in death to smoochy , we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing . 
glee 
to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags 
no foundation for it 
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not . 
eee for excitement 
it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) . 
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations 
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . 
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness 
a bunch of other , better movies slapped together . 
unrelated 
, memory , resistance and artistic transcendence 
barely interesting 
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian . 
as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , 
moving and 
mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema . 
's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers 
is n't just 
your ego 
above-average thriller 
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation 
could force you to scratch a hole in your head 
enormously good fun 
full of the kind of obnoxious 
the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan could want . 
in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him 
with the transparent attempts at moralizing 
warmth and longing 
interested in the sights and sounds of battle 
this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , 
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , 
this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten . 
this story is really all about 
is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own 
how thoroughly unrewarding all of this 
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and 
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story 
most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved 
immersive powers 
barbershop is tuned in to its community . 
the pianist ( is ) a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . 
is bright and flashy in all the right ways . 
satisfy 
satisfying complete 
ended up in a movie this bad 
was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy 
witless , 
as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count 
a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films 
full of stunning images and effects 
a young robert deniro 
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man . 
this kind of hands-on storytelling 
manages for but a few seconds 
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , 
about love and culture 
a coma 
is the piece works brilliantly . 
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics . 
a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe 
he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego 
dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances 
gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in 
provocative film 
a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film 
the irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . 
solid performances and eerie atmosphere 
quite one of the worst movies of the year 
mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , 
this is no `` waterboy ! '' 
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid 
like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens 
, miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . 
get a kick out of goofy brits 
make the film more silly than scary 
davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take 
what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling 
unoriginal mess 
woefully pretentious . 
rae 
that lacks juice and delight 
becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates 
of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one 
i thoroughly enjoyed the love story 
absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , 
is ultimately quite unengaging . 
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors 
the enticing prospect 
is a poem to the enduring strengths of women 
it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us 
the brawn , but not 
the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle . 
straightforward and old-fashioned 
paramount imprint 
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama . 
, stupid and pointless 
film to watch 
's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) 
'' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 
put away the guitar , 
a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals 
campanella 's competent direction and 
road trip 
an odd but ultimately satisfying blend 
love reading and/or poetry 
personally , i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet . 
strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 
focus 
to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life 
, history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence 
freshness and modesty 
well-rounded tribute 
does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard 
strong cast and surehanded direction 
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it 
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but 
flakiness 
truly is life affirming 
`` snl '' has-been 
s&m 
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was 
said to squander jennifer love hewitt 
that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 
i certainly was n't feeling any of it 
particularly funny 
efficient 
almost humdrum approach 
deranged immediacy 
see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music 
from being a total rehash 
inspired '' 
that works against itself 
starts out like a typical bible killer story 
is grossly contradictory 
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack . 
eloquent memorial 
pleasures 
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses 
is brilliant , really . 
as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season 
feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago . 
creative team 
a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 
distaste 
formuliac 
well-wrought 
is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next 
, son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . '' 
this film , which may be why it works as well as it does 
visually atrocious , and often downright creepy 
so slick and 
its paint fights , motorized scooter chases 
the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often 
drag it down to mediocrity 
affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 
better film 
of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent 
wonderful fencing scenes 
as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony 
enjoyable choice 
how good 
page-turning 
unmistakable , easy 
what 's most offensive 
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year 
it squanders chan 's uniqueness ; 
bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 
also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 
make love a joy to behold . 
disjointed , 
is priceless . 
trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge 
a thoughtful , reverent portrait 
gushing 
is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 
has a rather unique approach to documentary 
this region and 
sexual relationship 
martha enormously endearing 
authentic 
obvious determination to shock at any cost 
until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching 
, though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 
ethnic 
's thoroughly winning tone 
one of the year 's best films 
is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters 
our best achievements and 
deep vein 
that encompasses many more paths than we started with 
much worth 
by the artsy and often pointless visuals 
, director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags . 
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and 
a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style 
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and 
with depth 
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding 
is engage an audience 
that sense of openness , the little surprises 
, i 'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by . 
for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film 
otherwise good movie 
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships 
for both the scenic splendor of the mountains 
, thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks . 
( vainly , i think ) 
found its audience , 
another smash 
is fine 
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding 
a damn fine 
drops the ball too many times 
( shyamalan ) continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . 
its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude . 
competent , unpretentious 
are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care . 
a film that are still looking for a common through-line 
a simple misfire 
is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 
family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking . 
is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 
delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower . 
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell . 
impressionistic 
a confusing melange 
stress ` dumb . 
try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde 
well-developed characters 
mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting 
ecological 
remove spider-man the movie 
're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 
a low-budget affair 
overflows 
orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry 
never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; 
cancer 
might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) 
unrelenting bleak insistence 
wastes an exceptionally good idea . 
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and 
is among wiseman 's warmest 
involve a dentist drill 
und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily 
reflected in almost every scene 
faithful 
wanderers and a bronx tale 
improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper 
tv episodes 
fails to rise above its disgusting source material 
road to perdition does display greatness , and 
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , 
like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas 
of impressive talent 
eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life 
they 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . 
be rewarded with some fine acting 
reel in the audience 
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing 
works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era 
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo . 
the movie 's various victimized audience members 
felt performances 
may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form . 
brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film 
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it 
the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy 
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham . 
a high-end john hughes comedy , 
that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties 
the working class to life 
piercing and feisty 
overstylized , puréed mélange 
the average white band 's `` pick up the pieces 
speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 
teeth-gnashing actorliness 
technical triumph 
should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 
the simpering soundtrack and editing 
is breathtaking 
pretty funny 
comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives 
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film . 
marks an encouraging new direction for la salle 
any film more challenging or depressing 
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but 
change the channel 
cleverness , wit or 
here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior . 
championship material 
is astounding on any number of levels 
something of a public service -- 
impressive and 
tells a fascinating , compelling story . 
the relentless gaiety 
genuinely good 
addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row 
an overwhelmingly positive portrayal 
sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely 
may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen 
's not very well shot or composed or edited 
more entertaining , 
a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism 
overmanipulative hollywood practices 
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course 
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale . 
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . ' 
is doa 
when they see the joy the characters take in this creed 
humor , warmth , and intelligence 
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it . 
pretty good 
is well worth seeing 
is a brilliant movie 
never fails him 
all the more compelling 
a really special walk in the woods 
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great . 
a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather 
colorful look 
give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) 
skilled actors 
nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks . 
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders 
its provocative conclusion 
into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell 
sparkling beauty 
would have likely wound up a tnt original 
to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll 
indescribably bad 
accomplished oscar winners 
, you 're desperate for the evening to end . 
storytelling ability 
may find it uninteresting 
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh 
hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged 
with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , 
for the ridicule factor 
distinct rarity 
or `` suck '' 
yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . 
more than their unique residences 
a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , 
this comic slugfest 
if uneven , 
ignore 
virtuosic 
to video 
tiresome nature 
interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity . 
are so well 
lighting effects and innovative backgrounds 
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary 
arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact 
is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson 
other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 
dramatic nor 
is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie 
to accomplish what few sequels can 
offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar . 
but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 
narcotized 
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized 
delivers fascinating psychological fare 
why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing 
the credits roll across the pat ending 
afraid of the bad reviews 
fairly weak 
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , 
writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation . 
interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic 
the most horrific movie experience 
, it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer 
of intoxicating atmosphere and little else 
psychologically probing 
genuine and singular artist 
anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 
an absorbing look 
's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead 
to watch too many barney videos 
wannabe . 
are really surprising 
it 's won 
cultivated 
` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . ' 
down a familiar road with a few twists 
to make a big splash . 
has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth 
the film with their charisma 
as rewarding 
for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions 
nicely 
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up 
surrealist flourishes 
is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic 
rank 
be two hours gained 
a servicable world war ii drama 
it 's never as solid as you want it to be 
simple tale 
incessantly 
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving 
escape 
you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 
picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film . 
the huskies are beautiful , 
really vocalized 
very least 
caricature 
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist . 
kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance 
... for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 
quickly becomes a tiresome cliché 
wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text 
ridiculous bolero 
the people laughing in the crowd 
that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s 
it is spooky and subtly in love with myth 
is as padded as allen 's jelly belly . 
the film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots . 
extraordinarily rich landscape 
a deft pace master and stylist 
is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . 
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves 
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , 
a pianist , but a good human being 
had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded 
down the reality drain 
be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering 
that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow 
, from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner 
like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 
comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids 
poignancy , and intelligence 
( a ) strong piece of work 
a pretty decent little documentary 
the best brush 
shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . 
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all ) will have fun with . 
strong directorial stamp 
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone . 
if tragic ) 
'll cheer . 
is funny and looks professional . 
could use a little more humanity , 
only surprise 
one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 
's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it 
its courage , 
from a stunningly unoriginal premise 
simplistic , silly and tedious . 
a striking style behind the camera 
will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . 
, this is a must ! 
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful 
someone understands the need for the bad boy 
to its clever what-if concept 
the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one . 
astonishing 
fact , the best in recent memory 
the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause . 
surprises or delights 
populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 
, slapdash disaster . 
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending 
'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't . 
no place for this story to go but down 
racial tension 
oh , look at that clever angle ! 
the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts 
that stretches the running time about 10 minutes 
despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks 
silly and tedious 
its dark , delicate treatment 
the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material 
a sexy , surprising romance 
the most awful acts 
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection 
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . 
minded patience , respect and affection 
but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 
singing long after the credits roll 
the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman 
enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . 
compelling french psychological drama 
one of the best ensemble casts of the year 
who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate 
top-notch action powers 
not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 
harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research . 
arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two 
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats . 
full of holes and completely lacking in chills 
is as often imaginative 
every joke is repeated at least -- 
his impressions of life and loss and 
is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker 
many pointless 
everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for 
... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience . 
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork . 
a rather unbelievable love interest 
its personable , amusing cast 
, every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 
lame kiddie flick 
too amateurish 
, k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low . 
benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing 
of torture and self-mutilation 
is just as boring and as obvious 
new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers 
weepy 
of the universal themes , earnest performances 
vapid actor 's exercise 
random glass-shattering 
blazing 
an intimate feeling , 
the good girl '' a film worth watching 
bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 
the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 
, ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ... 
director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , 
excruciatingly 
this laboratory of laughter 
mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick . 
have a good time with this one too 
chilling and heart-warming 
there 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening . 
, the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , 
makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 
floating narrative 
available 
scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting . 
the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget 
that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about 
stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design . 
soulless . 
then you 're at the right film . 
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind 
watch witherspoon 's talents 
- kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and 
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon 
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply 
intense and 
and choppy recycling 
olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . 
it all seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk . 
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : 
i found it weirdly appealing 
's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces 
never so vividly 
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity 
shame 
finds its humor in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him 
boredom to the point of collapse 
if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic 
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie . 
aged 
a great story 
situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets 
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career 
works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing 
benefits from serendipity 
it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas 
warm . 
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing 
all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh 
truly awful and 
downward 
inadvertent 
there 's already been too many of these films ... 
a very good viewing alternative for young women 
the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution 
a special kind 
thoughtless , random , superficial humor and 
such sensitivity 
taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . 
if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie 
the film starts promisingly , but 
the best of hollywood 's comic-book 
95 minutes 
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights . 
first-time director joão pedro rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations 
be invented to describe exactly how bad it is 
avid interest 
hodgepodge 
pauly shore awful 
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film 
the performances are remarkable . 
misleading 
and cinematic deception 
material this rich it does n't need it 
its seriousness and quality 
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and 
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching 
( seagal 's ) 
a treasure chest 
this story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments . 
jeunet 
warm your heart 
the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most 
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ? '' 
has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler 
refreshed and hopeful 
no good answer 
unified 
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop . 
steven shainberg 's adaptation 
the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 
are all things we 've seen before 
were less densely plotted 
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone 
complex , unpredictable character 
awkwardly paced 
to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 
is blood-curdling stuff 
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films . 
mind-numbing indifference 
just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense . 
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah 
jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt 
are too immature and unappealing to care about . 
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... 
on all levels 
this kiddie-oriented stinker 
tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her 
, like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows 
like life 
a fine cast 
some of the more overtly silly dialogue 
freshening 
too little excitement 
regard 
a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii 
there 's much to recommend the film . 
this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny . 
, the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . ' 
feels familiar and tired 
a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most 
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release . 
like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow 
infantile cross-dressing routines 
there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 
holocaust literature 
lingerie models and bar dancers 
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . 
hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse . 
simpering soundtrack 
how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head . 
uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life 
ii experience 
a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion 
... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences . 
too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash . 
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid 
quick-witted 
transformed star 
a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams 
you can taste it , but there 's no fizz 
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . 
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . 
delivers a powerful commentary 
pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious 
the preachy 
comic elements 
all , a condition only the old are privy to 
by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past 
is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 
defies classification 
blow it off the screen 
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , 
being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel 
gang 
is the one 
little doubt 
too easy 
berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years 
it takes your breath away 
mildly entertaining 
salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film . 
capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's 
's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . 
that deals with first love sweetly 
giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment 
it 's still a comic book , 
depleted 
had been developed with more care 
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but 
( reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair . 
with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves 
warm , inviting , and 
best moments 
the story the movie tells is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career . 
talented director 
makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work 
positively dreadful 
, it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title . 
unpleasantly 
originality ai n't on the menu 
that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously 
build a feel-good fantasy 
absurdities and inconsistencies 
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . 
disappointment coming 
whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people 
by and large this is mr. kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since the doors 
humanly 
come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 
's what makes their project so interesting 
inimitable diaz 
so perfect for a ballplayer 
manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state . 
the chaotic horror 
seen city 
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it . 
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination 
make a splash even greater 
there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit 
a voice for a pop-cyber culture 
aimlessly and unsuccessfully 
transparently 
even kids deserve better . 
share it 
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment . 
is fascinating ... 
have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . 
a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair 
largest-ever historical canvas 
it 's up to ( watts ) to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe 
drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) 
watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama 
exciting and well-paced . 
soap-opera quality twist 
brilliantly constructed work . 
a little bit of romance and a dose 
jason x is this bad on purpose 
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams . 
pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve 
a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages 
how to make us share their enthusiasm 
be dismissed as mindless 
even worse than its title 
mira sorvino 's limitations 
, dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell . 
fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket 
an interesting exercise 
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys 
star-making 
to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's 
90-plus 
with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication 
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost . 
it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless 
worldly-wise and very funny 
walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome 
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and 
moving tale 
's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river . 
the worst in otherwise talented actors 
constantly defies expectation 
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is 
it 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell . 
somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them 
ourside the theater roger might be intolerable company , 
while there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) 
the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs. the snowman leaves a lot to be desired . 
its good qualities 
but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release 
turn on many people to opera , in general 
required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 
burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him 
mildly engaging central romance 
funnier gags 
energetic , violent movie 
laugh-out-loud funny 
forget its absurdity 
a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 
plodding , 
bracing 
from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew 
for that matter , shrek ) 
is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 
classic theater piece 
often very funny 
but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy 
sustain interest to the end 
... the plot weaves us into a complex web . 
relatively nothing 
teetering on the edge of sanity 
kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies 
time out is as serious as a pink slip . 
pushing the jokes at the expense of character 
of animation enthusiasts of all ages 
skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 
presume 
with an action movie that actually has a brain 
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise 
the worst 
there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again 
a scruffy 
is disposable 
angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately . 
an interesting topic 
the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse 
its characters tissue-thin 
's nothing interesting in unfaithful 
's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer 
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works , invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . 
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore . 
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away . 
this is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair . 
little melodramatic 
you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 
i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne 
hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , 
it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels 
bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio 
can smell the grease on the plot 
, this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . 
becomes lifeless 
intelligently 
is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre 
like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer 
unmemorable filler 
bizarre developments 
underestimated charm 
than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades 
solidly entertaining 
how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is 
appalling as any ` comedy ' 
be sensational 
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history . 
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond . 
has succeeded beyond all expectation . 
romp of a film 
sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine 
a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing 
timeout 
find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 
is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . 
, can prevent its tragic waste of life 
's work as well as a remarkably faithful one 
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving 
king lear 
a promising work-in-progress 
above all 
the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick 
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale . 
a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman 
feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 
whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation 
has fallen 
is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia 
an impressive style 
feel funny and light 
's definitely worth taking a look 
ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving 
the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity 
slog 
it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little . 
thought-provoking picture . 
stupid , derivative horror film 
the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain 
's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family 
notice the 129-minute running time 
to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting . 
wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 
, vapid and devoid 
was , by its moods , and by its subtly 
dopey old 
is more of an ordeal than an amusement . 
by a british cast 
the cruelty and suffering 
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the château 
a memorable directorial debut from king hunk 
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender 
champion 
be the cat 's meow 
wow ' factor 
gangs excels in spectacle and pacing . 
a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings 
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , 
characterization , poignancy , and intelligence 
the richness of characterization 
a complete waste 
have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors 
lovely , eerie film 
appreciation of the daily 
turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end 
ago 
its standard formula 
the top japanese animations of recent vintage 
were an obligation 
that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag . 
gay and lesbian children 
has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 
a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances . 
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , 
a sense of action 
) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot 
spirit 's visual imagination 
one-star rating 
jovial air 
transcends their predicament 
there surrender $ 9 and 
stronger 
imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one 
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently 
too clumsy 
as it provides a fresh view of an old type 
's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive . 
promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination . 
the plot ` surprises ' 
is the director 's talent 
excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh 
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes 
has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed 
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst 
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane 
is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place 
fairly impressive debut 
on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis 
bring out joys in our lives that we never knew 
cranky 
from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood 
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . 
its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome 
to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers 
realized on the screen 
epic adventure 
is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller 
this is the ultimate movie experience 
and second , what 's with all the shooting ? 
will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 
) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic 
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions 
glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 
, mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick . 
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation . 
is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie 
pleasingly upbeat 
leaves something to be desired . 
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises 
to crack a smile at 
as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth 
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle 
you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment 
sorrowful lows 
becomes predictably conventional 
the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season 
, the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care . 
the film is well-crafted and this one is 
ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true 
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun 
all awkward , 
impressive in imax dimensions 
visible enthusiasm 
straight-to-video movie 
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance 
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film 
leaves a lot to be desired . 
although olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation 
traditionally structured 
is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 . 
instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel 
on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint . 
cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin 
putters 
atrocities 
builds its multi-character story 
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . 
curiously depressing 
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize 
is that it does n't make any sense . 
an astonishing voice cast 
any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out 
ignore the reputation , and ignore the film . 
disposible 
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 
reasonably good time 
the writing and direction to the soggy performances 
of a phonograph record 
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices 
a smutty guilty pleasure 
a terrific screenplay 
his audience an epiphany 
very charming and funny movie 
, big-hearted and frequently 
-- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- 
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- 
mysterious , 
restrained and 
to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption 
a trip 
with a flimsy ending 
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence . 
sweetness , clarity and emotional openness 
indie of the year , so far . 
a very depressing movie 
any flaws that come later 
not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days . 
guide a loose , poorly structured film 
in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second . 
odoriferous thing ... 
entirely irony-free 
essential 
that we have come to love 
there is one word that best describes this film : honest . 
, truly bad 
coordinated 
a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character 
is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . 
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks 
this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies 
a copout 
are gorgeous and finely detailed 
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . 
of the startling intimacy 
deep-seated , emotional need 
that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory 
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 
is funny , charming and quirky 
to faith and rainbows 
good film 
tastelessness and 
like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 
that good theatre 
overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary . 
decidedly unoriginal 
what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest 
an autopilot hollywood concoction 
few movies are able to accomplish 
lovely and amazing is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . 
great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers 
odd and pixilated 
comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness . 
become wearisome 
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight . 
an underachiever , 
works because reno 
's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour 
a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 
would quickly change the channel 
ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 
emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . 
flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set 
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . 
under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 
hide a weak script 
a tone of rueful compassion ... 
is : ` scooby ' do n't 
b.s. 
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema 
clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up . 
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , 
love moore or 
to imagine acting that could be any flatter 
, the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story . 
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games . 
a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement 
because the plot is equally hackneyed 
has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability 
's not very good either 
be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script 
filming the teeming life 
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling . 
it falls short 
naiveté and 
that has something to say 
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter . 
the compassion , good-natured humor 
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant 
hackneyed concepts 
now as a former gong show addict 
comes from the brave , uninhibited performances 
predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters 
, see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . 
simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy . 
is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years . 
it is n't entirely persuasive 
freedom 
an engaging and exciting narrative 
not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were . 
a company of strictly a-list players 
engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay 
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , 
see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some 
excruciating end 
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women . 
earthy 
for some very good acting , dialogue , 
a keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters . 
a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , 
there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction 
that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out 
a giant pile of elephant feces 
do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version 
-- that you should never forget 
an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground 
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- 
likable 
are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach 
becomes a part of its fun 
unimaginative and derivative 
beer-fueled 
become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 
wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships 
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome . 
disappointed 
feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . 
every suspenseful cliché in the book 
is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot . 
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention . 
nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored 
the right choices 
irreparably 
actually hurts to watch . 
the low-grade cheese standards 
consummate 
of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) 
a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore 
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 
know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or 
it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end 
cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory 
's informative and breathtakingly spectacular 
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point 
, snide and prejudice . 
money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 
a compelling coming-of-age drama 
be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 
its courageousness , and 
no level whatsoever 
would seem to be surefire casting . 
he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals 
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . 
my problem with the movie 's final half hour 
is powerful and provocative 
's so successful at lodging itself in the brain 
revolting 
about the worst thing chan has done in the united states 
worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances 
rosenthal ( halloween ii ) seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense . 
a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and 
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot 
a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 
nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure . 
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular . 
does n't come much lower . 
, besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 
like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening 
strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain 
a triumph 
300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement 
thuds 
` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 
manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time 
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 
it 's actually watchable 
of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while 
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and 
soulless hunk 
get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone . 
backstage must-see 
some genuine quirkiness 
i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 
kwan 's unique directing style 
thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story 
great deal 
hopkins , squarely fills the screen . 
the disjointed mess 
like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel 
soul-stirring documentary 
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , 
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception . 
empty theaters 
irrelevant 
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling 
something appears to have been lost in the translation this time 
you 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy . 
who is too crazy to be interesting 
was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be 
lazy tearjerker 
takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point 
many of these guys are less than adorable 
even more predictable , cliche-ridden 
of the worst films of the summer 
have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered 
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film 
digital 
rich and full 
forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable 
what can easily be considered career-best performances 
should stop trying to please his mom 
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre . 
with vibrant charm 
complex , laden with plenty of baggage and 
the acting is fine 
dehumanizing and ego-destroying process 
serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally 
's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . 
becomes a sermon for most of its running time . 
perhaps the grossest movie ever made . 
more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller 
weaving a theme 
the community 
amusing and unexpectedly insightful 
crisp framing , edgy camera work , 
every bad action-movie line 
supposedly , pokemon ca n't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over . 
one viewing ca n't possibly be enough 
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill 
that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer 
only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at 
, gut-clutching piece 
marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world 
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , 
unparalleled 
fare with real thematic heft . 
is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time 
is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story 
too ludicrous and borderline insulting 
work -- is charming , is moving 
no way original , or even 
some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine 
the enduring strengths of women 
shakespeare 's macbeth 
are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . 
destruction 
( a ) devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama . 
lacks in action 
recognizable 
90 punitive minutes 
captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower 
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies . 
into melancholia 
to admit i walked out of runteldat 
that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' 
its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight 
that made me want to scream 
colorful and 
casual filmgoers 
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle 
does her best 
charming and evoking 
paul grabowsky 's excellent music 
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 
seeing something purer than the real thing 
pretends to expose the life of male hustlers 
painfully redundant and inauthentic 
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . 
full of cheesy dialogue 
rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . 
as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 
offers no new insight on the matter , 
of splendid performances 
we can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art . 
it 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant . 
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing 
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling . 
a moving and stark reminder 
of moronic stunts 
who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest 
, it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . 
sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time 
the full monty , but a really strong second effort 
that memorable , but as downtown 
awed 
taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 
make fun of me for liking showgirls 
, love . 
is an extraordinary film , not least 
a slap-happy mood 
breathtaking adventure 
is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes . 
humor and a heartfelt conviction 
an often intense character study about fathers 
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings . 
flat as thinking man 
portrayals 
gets the tone just right 
clumsily 
introverted young men with fantasy fetishes 
what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script . 
without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking . 
is certainly worth seeing at least once 
is truly gorgeous to behold . 
aggravating 
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- 
to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 
research library dust 
is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane 
has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . 
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken . 
but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise . 
no one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive . 
incredibly captivating 
in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications 
disturbance or detached pleasure 
answered 
feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain 
poor editing 
insultingly unbelievable final act 
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and 
flimsy flicks 
fantastic 
it reveals 
take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera . 
such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one 
real audience-pleaser 
assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony 
the idiocy 
to recommend it 
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture . 
just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting 
as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 
a great film noir 
self-glorification and 
accomplished and richly resonant work 
can enjoy as mild escapism 
false and 
talky films 
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . 
ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter 
sit through , 
gorgeous pair 
has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day 
( a ) satisfying niblet 
can overcome bad hair design 
demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted 
a throwback war movie 
is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore . 
indecent 
barney 's 
with enough action 
lurid and less than lucid work 
slowed down by a stroke 
, heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . 
so many talented people could participate in such an 
a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . 
a feel-good movie that 
worth the trip to the theater 
steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . 
change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies 
while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world . 
well-done 
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 
brazil-like , hyper-real satire 
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief 
is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking 
me as unusually and unimpressively fussy 
credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson 
someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . 
it 's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . 
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else 
whose charms are immediately apparent 
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness . 
watching it was painful . 
making it par for the course for disney sequels 
is n't talking a talk that appeals to me 
, irrational , long-suffering but cruel 
have to put up with 146 minutes of it 
disjointed parody . 
romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks 
beloved 
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery . 
excitement 
begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain 
two gifted performers 
unusual but unfortunately also 
exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing 
a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill 
meaningless , vapid and devoid 
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues 
the weird thing 
electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness 
, the movie is a disaster . 
a vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . ' 
feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective . 
to believe that a life like this can sound so dull 
good looks 
childlike smile 
, it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images . 
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative 
cheesy backdrops 
is heartfelt and hilarious 
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 
usual tear 
're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , 
no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence 
is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . 
is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . 
exceptional performances 
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations . 
embarrassed 
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up 
that place , that time 
incurably romantic 
`` bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ... 
so likable 
capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter 
squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge ' 
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities . 
dazzling conceptual feat 
it 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland . 
is richer than anticipated 
of a cesspool 
secretary is just too original to be ignored . 
created a monster but did n't know how to handle it . 
is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action . 
that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 
a stately sense 
from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired 
that 's lived too long 
mean-spirited and wryly 
relying on animation or dumb humor 
's not original enough 
a successful career 
chris 
just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work 
ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining . 
modest , straight-ahead standards 
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material . 
comfy 
the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence . 
in which most of the characters forget their lines 
self-hating , self-destructive ways 
no unifying rhythm or visual style 
allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc 
the movie 's charm 
may be shallow 
it 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive . 
a guilt-free trip 
was longer than an hour 
drek 
does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this 
's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts 
sacrificing the integrity of the opera 
has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon 
parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances 
's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing . 
curiously stylized 
sublime music 
simplistic story 
dull girl 
very top rank 
dry humor and jarring shocks , plus 
but it 's great cinematic polemic 
finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers . 
cute frissons 
but mush-hearted . 
a dark pit 
difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are 
the one not-so-small problem with expecting 
he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating 
falls far short of poetry 
the most severe kind 
a simplistic narrative and 
never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 
amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media 
inexcusable dumb 
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired 
, pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 
divine 
a solid , well-formed satire . 
more repulsive 
a comic fan 
down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow 
disoriented but occasionally 
pill to swallow 
falls to the floor with a sickening thud . 
generous and subversive artworks 
made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime 
are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely 
's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters 
like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking 
` life affirming ' 
frittered away 
seeing because it 's so bad 
riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity 
absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man 
nearly every cliché 
lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context 
are great rewards 
wimps 
a limp eddie murphy 
about kicking undead *** 
every gag two or three times 
is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . 
enjoy for a lifetime 
fabulous 
recommended -- 
misery 
great equalizer 
this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent 
of warmth and gentle humor 
a tremendous piece of work . 
the endlessly repetitive scenes 
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol . 
a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay 
of a big , tender hug 
he creates 
on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed 
make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up 
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , 
got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 
new movie rapes 
within a wallflower 
some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... 
as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , 
chilly , clinical lab report 
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it 
realize , much to our dismay 
normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable 
to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 
pretty unbelievable 
, the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . 
dramatic experience . 
smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy 
an engaging mystery 
does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 
is all over the place , really . 
in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 
a halfwit plot 
truly revelatory about his psyche 
schiffer 
, dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 
remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film 
this woefully hackneyed movie 
hard to be mythic 
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot . 
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head . 
wastes its time 
fatal ailments 
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and 
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and 
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue 
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary . 
it is 
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame . 
over with 
, `` they 're out there ! '' 
so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory 
one funny popcorn flick . 
hypnotically dull 
's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss 
dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost 
any fiction 
mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as 
, it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . 
the concentration 
to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it 
told well by a master storyteller 
like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle 
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves . 
a sharp , amusing study of the cult 
f 
memorable and resourceful performances 
the usual cliches 
its laziest 
chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special 
develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times 
're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 
black-and-white psychedelia 
than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role 
is silly but strangely believable 
so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks 
a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem . 
love , memory , history 
that is gorgeously 
of faith in the future 
small but rewarding comedy 
an interesting look 
nelson 's intentions are good , but 
a vibrant whirlwind 
bad of a movie 
the well-wrought story 
the scariest movie 
in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee 
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours . 
effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese 
treat for its depiction 
such a mesmerizing one 
... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off . 
to see a romance this smart 
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before 
neil burger 's impressive fake documentary 
ill-advised and 
smarter and subtler 
plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting . 
despite downplaying her good looks 
would be a total washout . 
make paid in full worth seeing . 
funnier version of the old police academy flicks . 
surprisingly gentle 
ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction 
german jewish refugees 
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered . 
... a bland , pretentious mess . 
so awful 
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare 's plays . 
yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner 
the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 
give credit to affleck . 
one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny 
gon na like this movie 
that remains vividly in memory long 
unbearably beautiful 
will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . 
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant 
this ill-conceived and expensive project 
makes you crave chris smith 's next movie . 
the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs 
at the end that extravagantly redeems it 
from the opening strains of the average white band 's `` pick up the pieces '' , you can feel the love . 
like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy 
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work . 
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge 
pretentious mess . 
combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions 
rock solid family fun out of the gates , 
likely to find compelling 
he 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer . 
simple and precise 
an unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode 
a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy 
a movie with a bigger , fatter heart 
moments of breathtaking mystery 
is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city . 
teddy bears ' picnic ranks 
an empty , purposeless 
it 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence . 
directed without the expected flair or imagination 
the miniseries 
stylish cinematography 
is insipid 
no lika da 
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem 
well-defined 
injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again . 
the punch lines that miss 
a stupid , derivative horror film 
has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs . 
a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that 
makes your teeth hurt 
film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure 
attract and sustain an older crowd 
toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater 
the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type 
the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 
be engaging 
its lackluster gear of emotional blandness 
people who are enthusiastic about something and then 
bombs 
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking 
to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart 
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie . 
good fun 
a dumb comedy 
the worst of the brosnan bunch 
evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream 
brisk hack 
this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 
, sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment . 
's incredible the number of stories 
, lecherous 
there are laughs aplenty , and 
if you go , pack your knitting needles . 
thoughtful movie 
strange it is , but delightfully so 
why it works as well as it does 
treasure 
... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 
motherhood 
is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate 
but that they are doing it is thought-provoking . 
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable 
low on energy 
that is as difficult for the audience to take as it 
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- 
deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese 
that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic 
be a huge cut of above the rest 
then ends with a whimper 
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... 
's a loathsome movie 
its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures 
win you over , in a big way 
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... 
, nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent . 
is a big time stinker . 
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust . 
scum 
this bold move works 
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller 
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot . 
generally light enough 
marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity 
too straight-faced 
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking 
, and beautifully shot 
, it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 
good sources , 
i see this piece of crap again 
this broken character study 
living far too much 
a riveting documentary . 
not scarier 
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall 
an intense experience 
brussels 
romantic-comedy duds 
in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare 
treats the subject with fondness and respect 
some outrageously creative action in the transporter 
with no unified whole 
the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny 
largely unfunny 
with intelligence and care 
maudlin or 
easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story 
ludicrous film 
ms. seigner and mr. serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters . 
a handsome and well-made entertainment 
i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week 
an uplifting , 
built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids . 
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist 
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time . 
is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction 
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs 
vastly improved germanic version 
wisdom and humor 
are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition 
what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 
its gender politics , genre thrills 
aggressively silly 
unfortunately 
too stagey , 
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad 
worthwhile effort 
via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance 
like saturday morning tv in the '60s 
is a nonstop hoot 
the film 's sopranos gags 
druggy 
enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other 
predicament 
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside 
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans 
and unfunny tricks 
love it , too 
immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . 
's a lousy one at that 
that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation 
goofiest stuff 
britney spears ' phoniness 
his effortless performance 
might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy 
witty , 
the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement . 
watch these two 
an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy 
epic scale 
barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . 
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , 
chilling , unnerving film 
resist his pleas to spare wildlife and 
deserving of its oscar nomination 
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations 
timely and 
fairly lame 
with a visual style unique and inherent 
before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro 
every visual joke is milked , 
elegance and maturity 
midway point 
an overly sillified plot and 
unifying 
straight out of a cellular phone commercial 
whose engaging manner and flamboyant style 
has intentionally left college or was killed 
into one terrific story with lots of laughs 
as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form 
pitiful , slapdash disaster . 
workmanlike 
going through the motions 
in the end , there is n't much to it . 
as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats 
optimistic 
the perfect movie 
pristine style and bold colors 
there 's something vital about the movie . 
aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire 
cold , sterile and lacking 
if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits 
is about grief 
is so convinced of its own brilliance 
be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture . 
the worst excesses 
sweet , genuine 
ripe recipe , inspiring 
their noble endeavor 
coming back from stock character camp 
abandon '' 
of a 20-car pileup 
i walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . 
shift 
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose 
, this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . 
one of my greatest pictures , drunken master 
remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift 
, even the funniest idea is n't funny . 
genial-rogue shtick 
an encouraging new direction for la salle 
shoot it in the head 
the best 
unrewarding all of this 
a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality 
feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film 
format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 
the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire 
confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece 
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving 
unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn 
an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness . 
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake 
this is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen . 
hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers 
is first-rate , especially sorvino . 
of fun 
is plenty of fun for all 
is so anemic 
tortured 
traditional 
may not be pleased 
wit and humor 
that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time 
disease 
, the hours represents two of those well spent 
's really just another major league 
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , 
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came . 
one helluva singer 
there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing . 
good stuff 
everett remains a perfect wildean actor , 
have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 
works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing 
the heart as well as 
is not easily forgotten 
cruelly funny twist 
attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life 
sensational , real-life 19th-century crime 
with a chase to end all chases 
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , 
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer 
is disgusting to begin with 
very top 
we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies . 
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie 
was n't just bad 
depress you 
moving and vibrant 
into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 
the most entertaining monster movies in ages 
small-budget 
a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers . 
make 105 minutes seem twice as long 
career-defining 
is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination 
the gorgeous locales 
third time 's the charm ... 
fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides 
substantive movie 
about memory and regret 
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure 
dropped 
with honesty , insight and humor 
that steal your heart away 
funny and pithy 
an amusement 
sentimental cliches 
dimming 
exceptional film 
is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be 
may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences 
sharp 
a pointless , meandering celebration 
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout . 
more complex 
obvious cliches 
touches the heart 
hide new secretions from the parental units 
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history 
sticky and unsatisfied 
on their parents ' anguish 
hits a nerve 
it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 
neatly constructed thriller . 
pay reparations to viewers 
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens 
pompous 
the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel 
remarkably well 
are consistently delightful 
pictures 
berling and béart ... continue to impress , 
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch . 
being a true adaptation of her book 
surprising highs , 
see a movie 
ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically . 
is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess 
a sweet treasure and something well worth 
modern-day comedies 
creative instincts 
his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad 
having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded 
a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem 
if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is 
its own direction 
gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear 
expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 
introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers 
of its critical backlash and more 
say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved 
angel of death 
, it 's an unhappy situation all around . 
's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona . 
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . 
're in luck 
to be grandiloquent 
as a soufflé gone wrong 
modern master 
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , 
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . 
airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 
clever exercise 
it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously 
the director 's experiment is a successful one . 
reaches 
it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt 
unique and 
a painful ride 
peevish and 
the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 
bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics 
if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans . 
keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum 
well-edited 
, unusual , even nutty 
headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie 
a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale 
superbly 
a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . ' 
, i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 
the laziness and arrogance 
my loved ones 
the creative animation work 
super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid 
masterful work 
, well-crafted family film 
in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids 
thrills , too many flashbacks 
makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing 
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional . 
an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 
should not 
is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . 
a small movie with a big impact 
the densest distillation of roberts ' movies 
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination . 
the sum of its pretensions 
a way that verges on the amateurish 
wait for your pay per view dollar 
this equally derisive clunker 
is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years . 
with talent 
is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries 
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming . 
a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 
hideousness 
nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction 
yank 
plays like a bad soap opera , 
diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master 
very predictable 
this is n't a movie 
personable , amusing cast 
it 's up to ( watts ) to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and 
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie 
happy listening to movies 
have a passion for the material 
pointed personalities 
a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington 
by a lackluster script and substandard performances 
most pleasurable expressions of pure movie 
sneering 
, and intelligence 
annoying , 
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington 
's provocative stuff 
sensation 
lagging 
from this choppy and sloppy affair 
` cherish ' 
got as potent a topic as ever here 
especially clever 
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart . 
the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it . 
one of the finest 
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . 
charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie . 
fanciful 
give a spark 
heartbreak 
surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy . 
shallow , noisy and pretentious 
to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen 
way original 
if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn . 
a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- 
fine , focused piece 
you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth 
gets around to its real emotional business , 
sweet and memorable film 
stodgy 
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but 
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world 
theological 
i ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ... 
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline 
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is . 
the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' 
did n't hate this one 
good enough to be the purr 
poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat 
superficially written 
burdened by the actor 
's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . 
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. . 
although i did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either . 
at odds with the rest of the film 
dupe the viewer 
an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits 
unforced comedy-drama 
be much funnier than anything 
exceptional honesty 
this beautifully animated epic 
a thinking man 's monster movie 
but no-nonsense human beings they are and 
there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 
bluer than the atlantic 
just as rewarding 
spreads itself too thin , 
's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 
the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination 
achieves its main strategic objective : 
of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves 
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk 
self-indulgent and maddening 
compelling supporting characters 
surefire casting 
induces a kind of abstract guilt , 
, inspiring 
exhaustingly contrived 
as it stands i 
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride . 
succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 
about discovering your destination in life 
forgive its mean-spirited second half 
two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance 
fun or energy 
slow 
the metaphors are provocative 
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; 
nothing to show 
to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 
will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement 
... hypnotically dull . 
deserves more than a passing twinkle 
with no reason for being 
it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it 
as unoriginal 
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . 
i do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version . 
one of the best films 
wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars 
appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting 
, no such thing is a fascinating little tale . 
is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 
uncle ralph 
despite the film 's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity . 
that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 
solid acting and a neat premise 
to which it succeeds 
to give the film the substance it so desperately needs 
would stoop so low 
made but uninvolving 
impeccable study 
a frightening and compelling ` what if 
i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . 
offers a ray of hope 
replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy 
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one 
painful as the grey zone 
sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life 
... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics . 
is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors . 
many insightful moments . 
ah-nuld 's 
savvy producer 
to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely 
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical 
the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games 
generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal 
light , silly 
the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes 
well-acted 
is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame 
pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage 
most entertaining bonds 
the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud 
it is very difficult to care about the character , 
only mildly funny 
an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love 
another boorish movie 
, is a treat . 
funny moments 
an ugly , revolting movie . 
contenders 
its essential problem 
what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music . 
the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 
rather unbelievable 
steal your heart 
great american comedy 
like this movie a lot 
infuses 
here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip 
stupid characters 
acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him 
chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it 
, it drags 
a tragic dimension and 
you find yourself praying for a quick resolution 
about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) 
unflattering 
all things insipid 
given up 
in the film 's verbal pokes 
poignant and delicately 
funny yet dark 
a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit 
truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy 
just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play 
it 's a fantastic movie 
a movie of technical skill and rare depth 
good and ambitious 
a road-trip drama 
a less-compelling soap opera 
warmth 
spiffy bluescreen technique and 
to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some 
nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot 
the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative 
a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline 
whimsical comedy 
from a ploddingly melodramatic structure 
faltering 
the resourceful molly 
an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit . 
the perfect cure 
looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 
, quite simply , should n't have been made 
is an interesting movie ! '' 
we a sick society 
was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout 
holds promise , 
many subplots 
is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film 
artless 
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 
honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film 
never catches fire 
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard 
an intoxicating 
continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision 
whatever complaints i might have 
is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story 
groundbreaking 
hazy high 
despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing . 
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- 
creepy , intermittently powerful study 
on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as 
... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride . 
full 
of patch adams quietly freaking out 
hit-man 
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that 
under your belt 
uneven film 
his wife look so bad in a major movie 
to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters 
a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable 
'' is never lethargic 
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet 
is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief 
the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it 
well-written 
the nerve-raked acting , 
reach much further than we imagine 
make the film relevant today , 
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden 
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring . 
, it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance . 
rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge 
always entertaining , and smartly written 
marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks 
my own minority report is that it stinks . 
lifeless rumblings 
captures both the beauty of the land and the people 
rape and suspected murder 
kinda dumb 
of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form 
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama 
-- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded . 
both as a historical study and as a tragic love story 
come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc 
stuttering editing and pompous references 
who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot 
an original bone 
proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast 
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales 
despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire . 
conservative christian parents 
american beauty reeks 
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge . 
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative . 
are actually releasing it into theaters 
villainous 
you 're almost dozing 
of slapstick sequences 
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 
still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 
( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) 
the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt 
hollywood concoction 
humanizing 
pleasant enough -- 
of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 
much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame 
it 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout . 
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . 
be based on a true and historically significant story 
who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 
go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair . 
work better 
his penchant 
evolves 
the film is static 
most oddly honest 
are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting . 
a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 
reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 
how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' 
to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours 
` hip ' 
gross 
tickles the funny bone 
largely unfulfilling 
it drags 
since its poignancy hooks us completely 
very stupid and annoying . 
offers rare insight into the structure of relationships 
polished , well-structured film 
is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work 
out ballsy and stylish 
walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes 
( has ) an immediacy 
top form 
parody . 
's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair 
with its subjects 
compels 
about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 
it would be better as a diary or documentary 
movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly 
a grating , emaciated flick . 
achieves a level of connection and concern 
of its title character 
to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking 
such a graphic treatment of the crimes 
entirely witless and inane 
, eight crazy nights is a total misfire . 
an intelligently made 
is so fascinating 
with such clarity 
are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise . 
is way , way off . 
is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half . 
a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped 
be a talky bore 
one that should be thrown back in the river 
's all surface psychodramatics 
because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him 
dough from baby boomer families 
( westbrook ) makes a wonderful subject for the camera . 
almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more 
( tries ) 
a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter 
rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . 
that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it 
, they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting . 
depress you about life itself 
is just an overexposed waste of film 
mannerisms and self-indulgence 
manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation 
the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas . 
those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home 
spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 
as any hollywood fluff 
just does n't cut it 
farts , urine , feces 
move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona 
a dreary movie . 
meaningful cinema 
for deft punctuation 
fun to watch 
evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters 
actually pulling it off 
dumbed-down tactics 
the best date movie 
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping . 
slob 
delicate coming-of-age tale 
has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at 
, you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals . 
emerge with unimpeachable clarity 
maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back 
maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity 
acted by diane lane and richard gere . 
will nevertheless find moving . 
lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships 
drawn engaging characters 
is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen 
harsh reality 
the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack 
at least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . 
makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose 
that heralds something special 
war movies 
pinochet 
critical 
the plot is paper-thin 
be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it 
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and 
batman 
flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- 
this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 
fighting hard for something that really matters 
trifling 
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to . 
for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure 
better effects , 
: the widowmaker is a great yarn . 
like an all-star salute 
rewards 
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them 
himself a deft pace master and stylist 
of the ultimate scorsese film 
three words : thumbs friggin ' down 
care too much about this love story 
sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams . 
extravaganza 
'll only put you to sleep 
quite the career peak 
need comforting fantasies about mental illness 
cellophane-pop remake 
denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him 
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer 
places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective 
prevents them from firing on all cylinders 
energetic and sweetly whimsical 
nice rhythm 
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , 
manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish . 
a strong-minded viewpoint , or 
the empty stud knockabout 
not just unlikable . 
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film . 
ringside seat 
brutal mid 
a better celebration 
its unsettling prognosis 
by extension , accomplishments 
`` white oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material . 
truly annoying pitch 
a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 
is almost 
flat dialogue 
mob 
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye 
what an idea , what a thrill ride . 
they are what makes it worth the trip to the theater . 
whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 
perfectly executed 
exactly wrong 
any number of metaphorical readings 
is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes . 
toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 
safe 
ugly , irritating 
as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter 
clearly see the world of our making . 
be sorry 
irreverent energy 
technically superb film 
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and 
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , 
as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be 
increasingly diverse 
has a film 's title served such dire warning . 
at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life 
overly old-fashioned 
a chance to see three splendid actors 
amazing 
just never gets off the ground . 
either 11 times too many or else 
sadly imitative of innumerable 
and murky cinematography 
diminishing his stature 
derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . 
shenanigans and 
sexy , funny and touching 
energy and wit to entertain all ages 
its tragic waste of life 
can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity 
a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should 
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent 
ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) 
want a real movie 
meager 
slightly humorous and tender 
're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles 
this girl 
hugely enjoyable 
rash 
's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer 
should not be missed 
being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 
makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , 
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags 
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music 
( other than the very sluggish pace ) 
bring new energy 
does n't really know or care about the characters 
is a just a waste 
shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them . 
too deep or substantial . 
i like all four of the lead actors a lot 
dread encountering the most 
effectiveness 
a loose collection 
be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play 
're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . 
give exposure to some talented performers 
originality 
like a glossy rehash 
delicately performed 
to keep our interest 
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book . 
overly long and worshipful bio-doc . 
completely satisfying 
the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood . 
at meaningful cinema 
's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes 
sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters 
peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy . 
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort 
a huge sacrifice 
quick-cut edits 
, talented , charismatic and tragically 
bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see 
far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins 
the most poorly staged and lit action 
lost . 
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time 
laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man 
a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding 
run through its otherwise comic narrative . 
a fascinating , bombshell documentary 
soderbergh 's best films 
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction 
a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen 
'll love this movie 
's a hellish , 
d ) 
may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream 
the film is well under way -- 
to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose 
if they looked at how this movie turned out 
rings false . 
has n't graduated from junior high school 
a unique , well-crafted psychological study 
they do n't fit well together 
rich with period minutiae 
it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy 
us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way 
's a cool event for the whole family . 
fatal 
is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much 
snared in its own tangled plot 
it ` perfection 
less compelling than the circumstances of its making 
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth . 
are priceless 
but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary 
is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another 
on the surface a silly comedy 
to die for 
the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials 
die hideously 
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative . 
disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man 
of life and small delights 
manage to hit all of its marks 
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin . 
the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 
to either effort in three hours of screen time 
a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 
as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , ( franco ) has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . 
gorgeous to look at but 
despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes 
an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance . 
its sleazy moralizing 
shot on ugly digital video 
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , 
a mall movie designed to kill time 
's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously 
huston 's revelatory performance 
compelling dramatic 
that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' 
human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; 
all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community . 
a refreshing change 
after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . 
if it were n't silly 
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet 
just right 
the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public 
this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies 
that comes through all too painfully in the execution 
a party worth attending 
is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist . 
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again . 
less funny 
hard-sell image-mongering 
cheer flick 
a soul and 
it is n't merely offensive 
a fascinating little tale 
equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information . 
've been trying to forget 
it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) 
loquacious and dreary piece 
of its provocative conclusion 
completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque 
sophisticated and 
particular , anciently demanding métier 
the right to be favorably compared to das boot 
a wonderful , ghastly film 
this visual trickery 
a big splash 
uneven 
not too filling 
's impossible to care 
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book 
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one . ' 
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers 
dave barry 's 
so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines 
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , 
terrific insider 
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . 
emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears 
an empty , purposeless exercise . 
, there are great rewards here . 
unique directing style 
is a sweet treasure and something well worth 
a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** 
does n't give you enough to feel good about 
surprisingly idealistic 
but the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . 
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , 
a jackie chan movie 
vivid imagination 
not the craven of ' a nightmare 
is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid 
grating 
even bother to rent this on video 
birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked . 
is n't worth sitting through 
k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . 
only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 
the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar 
deeper and more engaging 
provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable 
exactly what it wants to be 
a hint 
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences . 
, for that matter , shrek ) 
an invaluable service 
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . 
the wal-mart checkout line 
, even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 
gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through 
only defies credibility 
the director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff . 
a tragedy 
absorbing look 
ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience 
a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images 
have to see it 
charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal 
which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time . 
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie . 
the intoxicating fumes and 
of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar 
cardiac 
could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking 
elegant visual sense 
all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor . 
like having an old friend for dinner ' 
in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny 
a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative 
unsatisfied 
handed down 
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better . 
this italian freakshow 
a bunch of talented thesps 
she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another 
i stay positive 
moldering pile 
shines through every frame . 
wants 
`` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face . 
turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny 
felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them . 
that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking 
dylan kidd 
why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 
facetious 
seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah . 
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional 
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy 
sleeper 
an ordeal than an amusement 
comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited 
made-for-tv 
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures . 
see it for the passion 
weak script 
we 've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . 
a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination 
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency 
it 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly . 
competence 
strangely believable 
bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority 
tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage 
who cares ? 
not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie 
, but solidly entertaining 
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well 
mean-spirited lashing 
is a gory slash-fest 
are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations . 
from blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge ' 
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... 
emotional buttons 
preferable 
long and relentlessly saccharine film 
a movie-of-the-week tearjerker 
giddy and provocative sexual 
we call the ` wow ' factor 
try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . 
delivers more goodies than lumps of coal 
an actual vietnam war combat movie 
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , 
great dragons ! 
a hands-off approach 
rent those movies instead 
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and 
the visual wit 
especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english 
for controversy 
disguising the obvious with energy and innovation 
in charm 
pays off 
might not have noticed 
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , 
excruciatingly 
sour taste 
a cruel deception 
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . 
the culture clash comedies 
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , 
a wonderful account to work from 
symbiotic 
as shameful 
badder 
of cookie-cutter action scenes 
there 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something . 
begging for attention 
niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press 
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ... 
of those rare pictures 
showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times 
endearing and well-lensed 
shines in her quiet blue eyes 
a poem to the enduring strengths of women 
some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care 
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and 
happens that tells you there is no sense . 
in his chilling , unnerving film 
pretty stupid 
is n't as funny as you 'd hoped 
a quaint 
, stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore . 
, and room noise 
usually genuinely worthwhile 
could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions 
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year . 
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set 
, eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare . 
caliber 
which is often preachy and poorly acted 
leave you speaking in tongues 
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 
that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors 
: it 's not scary in the slightest . 
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , but 
created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness 
it might have been 
teeth-gnashing 
brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema 
quite possibly the sturdiest example yet 
you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie 
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game 
come up with an original idea for a teen movie 
such a good job of it 
simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . 
emotional and moral 
the elements that will grab you 
sub-formulaic slap 
hand in hand 
lacking any sense of commitment 
a total rehash 
show more of the dilemma , rather than 
most generic 
gorgeous and 
inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth 
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation 
colors the picture in some evocative shades . 
through all too painfully 
well-done 
tattered and ugly past 
it still works . 
both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 
following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish 
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . 
of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , 
to honor the many faceless victims 
, if disingenuous , 
grossest movie 
however entertainingly presented , 
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid 
drunken 
it 's great cinematic polemic 
grittily beautiful 
us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time 
cutting impressions 
'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time 
88-minute rip-off 
we have a bad , bad , bad movie 
unexpectedly rewarding 
all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters 
asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in 
desperately 
powerful and moving 
con 
something for everyone 
most interesting 
'' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 
of the delusional personality type 
grating and tedious . 
affluence 
you are n't very bright 
another classic for the company 
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters . 
over his head 
funny bones tickled 
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment 
very good viewing alternative 
make it an above-average thriller 
'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 
the playful paranoia of the film 's past 
as hannibal would say , yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . 
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us . 
of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year 
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value . 
no way original 
lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 
what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful 
achieves its main strategic objective 
energetic and always surprising 
sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act 
witty updatings ( silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around ) 
from the writing and direction to the soggy performances 
fanciful drama 
even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series . 
nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego 
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why 
hossein 
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative . 
although olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two . 
from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes 
made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes . 
like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry 
in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard 
sleepless 
no . . 
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates 
, it gets to you . 
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . 
's plenty to impress about e.t. 
that 's always fun to watch 
it 's fun 
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away . 
a lightweight story about matchmaking 
appropriate 
is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit 
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole 
sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 
soulful 
appropriately cynical social commentary aside 
a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those 
does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez . 
is a masterfully 
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here . 
why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ? 
would do better elsewhere 
stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage 
manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly 
fang-baring lullaby 
the film 's lack of personality 
thought-provoking new york fest 
enough innovation or pizazz 
made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters 
has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point . 
von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke 
its perfect quiet pace 
compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . 
the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes 
should have been the ultimate imax trip 
an undeniably intriguing film 
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying 
continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means . 
a real winner -- 
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale 
gangster/crime comedy 
, i enjoyed . 
a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict 
drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . 
the minds and hearts 
are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry 
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , 
to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 
10 
filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots 
that 's as crisp and to the point 
the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . 
is simple but absorbing . 
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , 
hilarious and 
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . 
cheap scam 
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise . 
with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity 
that constantly defies expectation 
consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free 
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break . 
demands and receives excellent performances 
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating 
can hear you snore 
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , 
wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk 
scenes of cinematic perfection 
what 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller 
'' is a big time stinker . 
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out . 
the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy 
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . 
explode obnoxiously 
little mermaid 
to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood 
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film 
critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development 
this bad on purpose 
more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes 
overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels 
no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) 
its own clichés 
a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast 
deals with first love sweetly 
is what we call the ` wow ' factor 
does n't quite 
is a film living far too much in its own head 
to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze 
this erotic cannibal movie is boring 
plot holes sink this ` sub ' 
carved their own comfortable niche in the world 
from its sleazy moralizing 
just plain bad 
that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action 
gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny 
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this . 
, and intermittently hilarious 
with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard 
preposterous , prurient whodunit 
as bad as you think , and 
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and 
smeary and blurry 
behavior and severe flaws 
human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- 
of social texture and realism 
the tortured and self-conscious material 
tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 
the problems of fledgling democracies 
it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 
what 's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . 
monumental achievement 
established filmmaker 
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry . 
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge 
the wise , wizened visitor 
poor 
plant smile-button faces 
does not make for much of a movie . 
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home . 
a guiltless film for nice evening out 
its rapid-fire delivery 
masochistic 
is nothing to sneeze at these days 
great idea 
the promise of digital filmmaking 
charming and 
's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 
its intriguing subject 
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence . 
the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . 
that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it 
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications . 
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised . 
that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film 
dreary piece 
arrive early 
like `` horrible '' and `` terrible 
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years 
it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject 
an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture 
good actors 
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , 
the affection of that moral favorite 
all awkward 
new york locales and sharp writing 
so uninspiring 
a picture that was n't all that great to begin with 
well told . 
in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation 
overcome the triviality of the story 
of superficiality 
what could have 
seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves 
amiable and committed 
passionate 
knows how to make our imagination 
redundant concept 
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving 
dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film 
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it 
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience . 
after the clever credits roll 
as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart 
who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them 
all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 
such a tragedy 
lushly photographed and beautifully recorded . 
more balanced or fair portrayal 
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year 
in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other 
for a summer of good stuff 
writer-director david jacobson and 
poignant and 
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal . 
schlocky creature 
for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already 
a powerful sequel and 
tragically 
a smart , compelling drama . 
and artistic transcendence 
bland actors 
deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 
the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances 
dumped a whole lot of plot 
add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments 
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof . 
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , 
perfectly serviceable and 
a rather unique approach to documentary 
take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 
as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california 
all the filmmakers need to do 
bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie 
a riveting , brisk delight 
the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament . 
is much more p.c. than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) 
while it 's nothing we have n't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . 
veered off too far into the exxon zone , 
is emerging in world cinema 
whimsy 
record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse 
powerful act 
slickest 
huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine 
a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia 
beautifully read and 
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' 
based on a true and historically significant story 
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity 
wewannour money 
a great cast 
low rate annie 
the material 
too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets . 
thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering 
very welcome 
that 's something i would rather live in denial about 
the sorriest 
if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride . 
, it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice . 
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching 
little action , almost 
a witty , low-key romantic comedy . 
celebrates universal human nature 
seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do . 
that never springs to life 
memorable character creations 
there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally 
called freddy gets molested by a dog 
a new favorite musical 
a beautifully 
a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments 
is rather pretentious 
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride 
a grating 
of his best-known creation 
celebrate 
a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach 
strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder 
of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen 
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped 
a feel-bad ending 
speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , 
that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes 
does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds 
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help 
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood 
by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over . 
this did n't connect with me would require another viewing 
tour de 
cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy 
the courage 
a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago 
delightful cast 
can seem tiresomely simpleminded 
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché . 
an affection for the period 
an undeniably moving film to experience , 
, incoherent 
occasion 
( a ) crushing disappointment 
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising 
has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . 
has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest 
go but down 
runs out of steam 
dishonesty 
witlessness 
getting the better of obnoxious adults 
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse 
buried at the heart of his story 
fascinate me 
( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic 
sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form 
of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey 
great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi 
is one of the year 's best 
greatest 
denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . 
crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 
but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment . 
duvall is strong as always . 
almost seems like a documentary in the way 
where it plainly has no business going 
terrific casting and solid execution 
is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be . 
has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people 
something as splendid-looking as this particular film 
emotionally vapid 
shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream 
perfectly 
magnetic performance 
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream . 
is built on a potentially interesting idea 
only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny 
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' . 
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it . 
every note rings false . 
of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting 
by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all 
utter tripe 
is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves 
at once visceral and spiritual 
there is no denying the power of polanski 's film ... 
exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken . 
delivers the same old bad trip 
practices 
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . 
impossibly 
a good yarn -- 
, overlong , and bombastic 
children 's entertainment , superhero comics 
an ungainly movie , 
however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . 
he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car 
minor miracle 
manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 
mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . 
does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length 
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 
definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with 
offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology 
the movie is well done , but slow . 
amiable 
loquacious 
us plenty of sturm 
, ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative . 
tired , unimaginative and derivative 
unfairly 
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... 
, dark beauty 
` unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . 
of high humidity 
cardiac arrest 
michael moore 's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` are we a sick society ? ' 
thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere 
feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism 
is a film for the under-7 crowd 
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible 
is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 
great 
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say 
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and 
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about . 
mistake . 
screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame 
just that it 's so not-at-all-good 
appalling , 
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom . 
wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue 
of isolation and frustration 
its nauseating spinning credits sequence 
any way of gripping what its point is , or 
dystopian 
ideal outlet 
offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us 
of the plot ` surprises ' 
with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés . 
scenes so true and heartbreaking 
a ripping good yarn is told . 
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident 
as darkly funny , energetic , 
takes a slightly dark look at relationships , 
film that suffers because of its many excesses . 
falling short 
somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 
made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire 
the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids 
is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 
visually unappealing 
relatively gore-free 
lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 
is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy 
as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 
, scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting . 
so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! '' 
is a visual treat 
the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way 
tripe 
its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner 
feels universal 
gorgeous 
hell-bent 
a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic 
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either . 
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring 
hack script 
of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating 
you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . 
a bland murder-on-campus 
insomnia is one of the year 's best films 
have put together a bold biographical fantasia . 
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters 
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny 
it 's not too much of anything . 
suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction 
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure . 
were already tired 
're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic . 
edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde 
south korea 's future 
sags 
awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals 
a fine job 
, almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises . 
staggers 
accomplish what few sequels can 
extraordinarily talented 
adult world 
takes the most unexpected material 
missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout 
not to believe it 
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael . 
the characters move with grace and panache 
remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 
is that its own action is n't very effective . 
desire to enjoy good trash every now and then 
takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 
his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories . 
even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 
succumbing to sentimentality 
contradictory things 
a bit of heart 
no means a slam-dunk 
bittersweet 
fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) 
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing . 
distinguishes 
make the stones weep -- as shameful 
its superior cast 
villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . 
and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today . 
not well enough 
enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs 
has-been 
seem to hit 
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task 
the pale script 
is really funny 
perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen . 
many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times 
's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance . 
lines , the impressive stagings of hardware 
disguised 
i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen . 
, really good 
villain 
otherwise excellent film 
survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller 
tenderly observant of his characters 
spirited 
familiar but utterly delightful . 
ignorant 
the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 
yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 
is effective 
does n't completely 
that he 's the best brush in the business 
wickedly undramatic central theme 
see a movie with its heart 
plotting and mindless 
heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry . 
is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture 
gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation 
these women are spectacular 
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious 
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows . 
sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group . 
sports extravaganza 
inspires more 
excellent latin actors of all ages 
the gentle and humane side 
the charming result is festival in cannes . 
in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 
kept much of the plot 
the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way . 
upfront that the plot makes no sense 
avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks 
featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
, the score is too insistent 
cinematic perfection 
win you over 
can you take before indigestion sets in 
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home 
see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good 
this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . 
stink 
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore . 
get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 
becomes long and tedious 
juicy role 
can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards . 
the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne 
down to mediocrity 
if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - -- decasia 
is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . 
an uncomfortable movie 
with his effortless performance 
are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching 
is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg 
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that . 
seems hopelessly juvenile 
've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 
they could have been in a more ambitious movie 
a kind of perpetual pain 
characteristically engorged and sloppy 
waiting for frida to just die already 
compelling and horrifying 
conventional thriller 
has never been more charming than in about a boy . 
witty , vibrant , and intelligent 
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and 
a stirring tribute 
of love , longing , and voting 
to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene 
irrational , long-suffering but cruel 
make you reach for the tissues 
virtually no one 
` dumb 
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli 
while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own . 
historic scandal 
brisk , reverent , and subtly different 
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening 
fluffy 
these guys ' superhuman capacity 
a deadly bore 
wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 
checkout 
brittle desperation 
a self-reflexive , philosophical nature 
feel like a chump 
to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama 
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater 
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic 
` perfection 
inject some real vitality and even art 
of genuine excitement 
is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable 
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : 
a truly wonderful tale 
high-profile name 
do n't even bother to rent this on video 
a realistically terrifying movie 
blond honeys 
that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 
hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film 
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and 
that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise 
as a piece of storytelling 
a wish your heart makes 
bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery 
irrational 
like it was worth your seven bucks , 
has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline 
not smart or barbed enough for older viewers 
dangerously collide 
is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . 
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , 
reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds 
humbling little film 
just lapses into unhidden british 
skins has a desolate air 
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and 
beauty reeks 
there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane . 
enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 
washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him 
dupe 
that 's all that 's going on here . 
by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing 
un-bear-able '' project 
as bad a film 
, walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . 
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant . 
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly 
the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games 
more and more frustrating 
comes along only occasionally 
too heavy for the plot 
while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix . 
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi 's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 
an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers 
a wonderful , imaginative script 
that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances 
, there is n't much to it . 
naturally funny 
while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible . 
a refreshing and comical spin 
, despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun . 
williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile 
had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 
arrest development in a dead-end existence 
jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart . 
artsy fantasy sequences -- 
a few nice twists in a standard plot 
an all-time low 
too cliched 
blandly go where we went 8 movies ago 
a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility 
smug and cartoonish 
went over my head or 
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones . 
amusing enough 
do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? 
tawdry b-movie scum 
aimless for much of its running time 
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt . 
a one-star rating 
a delightful stimulus 
a whole heap 
frame one 
with celluloid garbage 
wisely 
's a pale imitation 
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent 
good , achingly human 
an irresistibly uncanny ambience 
could have been a daytime soap opera 
vividly and 
a naturally funny film , 
the characters seem one-dimensional , 
before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia 
's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer . 
, it does n't even seem like she tried . 
the story goes nowhere 
a not-so-bright mother and daughter 
in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape 
a little too much resonance with real world events 
remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern 
quirky rip-off prison 
the face of death 
better celebration 
he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing 
i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey . 
rambling and incoherent manifesto 
bad and baffling from the get-go . 
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular 
taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating 
to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 
maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' 
is so bad , 
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . 
of the most politically audacious films of recent decades 
like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor 
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . 
has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper 
a brilliant movie 
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy . 
's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life 
b-movie scum 
bland 
the actors involved in the enterprise 
mean 
might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants 
most importantly , 
that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another 
addictive guilty pleasure 
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and 
homogenized and a bit contrived 
going at a rapid pace , occasionally 
well enough 
pleasantly 
one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time 
like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together . 
at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart . 
an uplifting 
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and 
a troubled and determined homicide cop 
an attention to detail 
of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet 
you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 
be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser 
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie 
a gift 
beautiful film to watch 
the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe 
, then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable 
the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 
to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout 
the best espionage picture to come out in weeks 
character-who-shall - remain-nameless 
drains his movie of all individuality 
that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus 
red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . 
trouble every day is a success in some sense 
guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen . 
charisma and ability 
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one 
come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music 
the movie has no idea of it is serious 
is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes . 
a colorful , vibrant introduction 
off-kilter dialogue 
as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely 
it really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . ' 
that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending 
, can not overcome blah characters 
freshness and 
weighted down with slow 
grows boring despite the scenery 
a poignant comedy that offers food for 
few nice twists 
a zippy 96 minutes 
a glorified sitcom 
grumbling 
weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . 
danish cows 
neither dramatic nor comic 
a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 
wallowing in its characters ' frustrations 
presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future 
acting that heralds something special 
brilliant in this 
b movies 
fans will undoubtedly enjoy it 
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself . 
clichéd to a fault 
this delicate coming-of-age tale 
that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 
that was written down 
cleverly 
about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore 
delivers on that promise . 
that might otherwise separate them 
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters 
a whale of a good time 
is n't as sharp or as fresh 
make it human 
leather pants & 
of magic 
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : 
she-cute 
shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . 
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and 
to provoke them 
unforgettable characters 
is simply brilliant . 
that breaks your heart 
for juicy roles 
got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation 
banged their brains into the ground 
focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness 
a light , yet engrossing piece . 
familiar , funny surface 
loud , low-budget and tired formula film 
directionless 
most exciting 
as subtle and touching as the son 's room 
the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth 
in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place 
whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 
irritating 
dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , 
've got something pretty damn close 
weighs down the tale with bogus profundities 
you 're far better served by the source material . 
, red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . 
needs more impressionistic 
it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 
's never as solid as you want it to be 
heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . 
in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution 
shows what great cinema can really do 
an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow 
to give it a marginal thumbs up 
make an excellent companion piece 
of the funniest jokes of any movie 
why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . 
mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative . 
this is a heartfelt story ... 
carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract 
a kind 
it may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . '' 
feels limited by its short running time 
to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter 
be as bored 
look at that clever angle 
the movie 's messages are quite admirable , 
that 's best served cold 
one baaaaaaaaad movie 
a good-natured ensemble comedy 
's pretty stupid . 
in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters 
's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long . 
every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians 
meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen 
too bad 
burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off . 
exactly how bad 
human comedy 
leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 
as timely as tomorrow 
no big whoop 
blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings 
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x. 
wasted . 
reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race 
never comes close to recovering from its demented premise 
bad writing 
a fairy tale 
but on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie . 
of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original 
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce . 
a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily 
efficiency and an affection for the period 
harm 
is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time . 
the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody . 
struggle tragically 
needlessly confusing 
into the sort of heartache everyone 
relentlessly folksy 
contrived , awkward 
that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies 
a flawed but engrossing thriller . 
petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script 
provocative piece 
very stilted in its dialogue 
sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm 
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . 
did n't find much fascination in the swinging 
fine-looking 
with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation 
standard 
as banal as the telling may be -- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention . 
bad people 
its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case 
splashy and 
pessimism 
is a masterfully conducted work 
shot on ugly digital video . 
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers . 
yeah 
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and 
without oppressive 
to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching 
put hairs on your chest 
a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) 
its sparkling beauty 
feels like a glossy rehash . 
a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie . 
of an authentic feel 
is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling . 
its sheer dynamism 
is a bomb . 
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had . 
into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going 
the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 
it has considerable charm . 
's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but . 
to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) 
self-mocking , 
a delightful little film 
with maggots crawling on a dead dog 
of bittersweet camaraderie and history 
that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting 
intense experience 
foul up shum 's good intentions . 
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , 
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy 
's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it . 
of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller 
good-natured fun 
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one 
despite its sincere acting 
a very slow , uneventful 
wit and compassion 
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace . 
it 's true 
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative . 
inappropriate and wildly undeserved 
pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities 
harps on media-constructed ` issues ' 
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum . 
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller . 
an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested 
a worthwhile environmental message 
dark places 
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring 
decrepit 
a degree of affection rather than 
energetic 
creative urge 
keeps you guessing at almost every turn 
love it 
groaners 
witty , wistful new film 
the best sex comedy 
uses the last act to reel in the audience 
's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be . 
skimpy 
`` goddammit 
lifeless execution 
feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 
the pacing is often way off and 
excellent choice 
brown sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . 
reasonably good 
dull , somnambulant exercise 
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary . 
a tv episode rather than a documentary 
wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt 
might be intolerable company 
`` sorority boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad . 
with this masterful , flawless film , ( wang ) emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 
mind-numbingly , indescribably bad 
the sweet , melancholy spell 
a rollicking 
is repulsive and depressing . 
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment . 
the cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired 
so-so , made-for-tv 
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... 
is often preachy and 
dramatized 
rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings 
some sort of beacon of hope 
huge disappointment coming 
this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 
-- if predictable -- 
strenuous 
intricate , intimate and intelligent journey 
hard-to-swallow 
no means a slam-dunk and 
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes . 
spy-savvy siblings 
can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it 
appealing veneer 
rare and lightly entertaining 
generational signpost 
show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations 
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm 
much of it is funny , but 
has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) 
may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . 
marvelously entertaining and 
peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid 
here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . 
of high art 
visually , ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative . 
the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work 
plotting and mindless action 
uplifting 
, powerful act 
his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- 
is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 
made it dull , lifeless , and irritating 
stylish but steady , 
with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 
piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying 
with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images 
thought-provoking and often-funny drama 
phoned-in business as usual . 
best and most unpredictable comedy 
as generic as its title 
is never any question of how things will turn out 
what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors 
to light 
might have fun in this cinematic sandbox 
that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something 
crushingly self-indulgent spectacle 
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music 
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally 
it aims so low 
listless , witless , 
well-crafted film 
all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new . 
sneaks up on you and 
calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side 
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts . 
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve 
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya 
's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey 
its considerable power 
the gags 
a successful career in tv 
into a sane and breathtakingly creative film 
ally 
in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor 
boring , pretentious 
lovely 
is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes 
buoyant , expressive 
looking and stylish 
the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting . 
robert de niro performance 
something entertaining 
graced 
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter 
`` analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . 
... a true delight . 
is able to visualize schizophrenia 
the film above anything sandler 
one of the world 's most fascinating stories 
is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny . 
a gangster movie with the capacity 
it ca n't help but engage an audience 
dullest kiddie flicks 
except for the fine star performances 
like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way 
spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . 
both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in 
recommend it 
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes 
simple and innocent 
grayish quality 
earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot 
is beyond me . 
try too hard to be mythic 
folds under its own thinness 
laid back 
kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code 
who paid to see it 
love liza 's tale 
originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies 
be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds 
a long , dull procession of despair , 
has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie 
directing with a sure and measured hand 
want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters 
clever pseudo-bio 
its old-hat set-up and predictable plot 
is one reason it 's so lackluster . 
poignant if familiar story of a young person 
in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script 
of his top-notch creative team 
is downright movie penance 
a very talented but underutilized supporting cast 
, like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough 
, madonna is one helluva singer . 
a give-me-an-oscar kind 
the capable cast 
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies . 
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create . 
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... 
the screenplay , but rather 
stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 
a lovely and beautifully photographed romance . 
another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype 
, bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action 
if you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus 
who knows how to hold the screen 
creep 
it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . 
to endure instead of enjoy 
into a warmed over pastiche 
anti- 
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold 
the visual flourishes 
compelling storyline 
encumbers itself 
possess the lack-of-attention span 
said the film was better than saving private ryan 
feels like a book report 
a cold movie 
she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo 
hours of material to discuss 
the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 
bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 
a disaster of a story 
( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers 
spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future . 
a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made . 
director hoffman , his writer and kline 's agent should serve detention 
richly 
high-octane 
the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air 
the sally jesse raphael atmosphere 
enjoy the film 
a step further , richer and deeper 
while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades . 
it 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama . 
is sufficiently funny 
a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events . 
popcorn 
this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . 
you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
comically dismal social realism 
a respectable new one 
engrossing story 
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing 
imaginative as one might have hoped 
as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies 
the outstanding thrillers 
winning and wildly fascinating 
girls , who learns that believing in something does matter 
twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch 
ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending 
with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery 
resembling humor 
mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic . 
poorly dubbed 
real contenders 
it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers . 
though occasionally fun enough to make you 
the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance . 
starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers 
and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle . 
is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience . 
without ever succumbing to sentimentality 
the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , 
about this love story 
the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . 
wonderful , ghastly film 
is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie . 
` praise the lord 
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . '' 
seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic 
abuse 
the lord 
dare i say , entertaining 
undercut 
a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 . 
it 's still quite worth seeing 
's really sad 
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . 
pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative 
takes big bloody chomps out 
was worse . '' 
mordantly funny 
hard-to-swallow premise 
than a leaky freighter 
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels 
settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking 
a good-hearted ensemble comedy 
i enjoyed barbershop 
intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries 
just sneers 
an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out 
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , 
despicable characters 
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 
is worth your time 
predecessors 
the year selection 
heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism 
even sexy 
will love its fantasy and adventure 
fabricated 
come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago 
... unlike ( scorsese 's mean streets ) , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . 
familiar and predictable , and 
perfect medium 
to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored 
a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 
their romances 
the terrifying message 
is beautiful and mysterious 
at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue . 
the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 
is too long with too little going on . 
feast 
the top and movies 
of lingerie models and bar dancers 
is rich in emotional texture 
might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john 
much like a young robert deniro 
why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 
is that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness . 
's so bad 
director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher 
an elegant work 
what a film can be 
i wanted more . 
and sumptuous stream 
hilarious and sad 
everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art 
uninspired 
has no reason to exist 
the flawed support structure 
something to be ` fully experienced ' 
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and 
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , 
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; 
topic 
been lost in the translation 
gangster 
as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' 
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema . 
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor 
pushed into the margins 
provide its keenest pleasures 
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest . 
improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end 
really solid performances 
a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film 
been , pardon the pun , sucked out 
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story 
conventional , 
can only provide it with so much leniency . 
below expectations 
, i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks . 
easy , comfortable 
well-written and 
of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast . 
far more meaningful story 
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear . 
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september . 
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich . 
for the last 15 minutes 
elegant and sly 
some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither 
to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show 
has already reached its expiration date 
is cumbersome 
patchy combination of soap opera 
is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations 
it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 
this forgettable effort 
for its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 
painted on their largest-ever historical canvas 
even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness . 
their parents , wise folks that they are 
leads to a satisfying destination 
a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event . 
decent drama/action flick 
a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies 
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber 
been lost in the translation this time 
a well paced and satisfying little drama 
torments and 
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad . 
is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm 
between the fantastic and the believable 
of temptation , salvation and good intentions 
bumbling 
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care 
better than 
degrading and 
this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . 
, but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés . 
it is n't that funny 
dreary movie . 
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes 
an enthralling 
by then , your senses are as mushy as peas 
oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique 
drag the movie 
the rolling of a stray barrel 
ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 
carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh 
if you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 
's both charming 
in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers 
the story has its redundancies , and 
, vicious and absurd 
something to be taken seriously 
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter 
swooping down on a string of exotic locales , 
best actor 
for children 
drowning 's too good for this sucker . 
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty 
the most poorly staged and lit action in memory 
it an above-average thriller 
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness . 
seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics 
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction 
be called animation 
but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera . 
in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown 
lackadaisical plotting and mindless action 
and , through it all , human 
which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way 
a funny little film 
, reverent , and subtly different 
with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue 
the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion 
are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief 
remembering this refreshing visit 
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause . 
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude . 
while huppert ... is magnificent 
that have all but ruined his career 
narrative grace 
show-stoppingly hilarious 
into hokum 
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films . 
it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer 
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining 
dumb humor 
this all works out 
the right choice 
comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . 
will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- 
because of its epic scope 
, heart-felt drama 
derailed 
little jokes 
miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin 
astounding 
, compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity 
to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism 
to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 
to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense 
some special qualities 
collapses under its own meager weight 
becomes unwatchable 
under our skin 
should give `` scratch '' a second look . 
knows its classical music , knows its freud and 
consciously dumbed-down approach 
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... 
unendurable viewing experience 
an entertainment destination 
in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles 
a perfect show 
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible 
more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks . 
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up 
of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking 
intrigued 
is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses 
to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie 
primitive animated special effects 
only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 
fine 
sad schlock merchant 
what little grace ( rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves 
period-piece movie-of-the-week 
the mess that is world traveler 
muck 
the talents of his top-notch creative team 
dynamism 
the metaphors are provocative , but 
of the creative act 
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin . 
has a number of holes 
ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves . 
occasionally fun 
cutting-edge 
put in service 
appealing enough 
others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 
's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat 
, it 's badder than bad . 
a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch 
halfhearted 
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 
, for the most part , credible 
never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 
are oscar-size 
a fascinating part 
oodles of charm 
is prime escapist fare . 
whole thing 
crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy 
a poignant and gently humorous 
nice to see piscopo again after all these years 
an equally great robin williams performance 
its absurdity 
this region and its inhabitants 
momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable 
a catastrophic collision 
in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs 
and plastic knickknacks 
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension 
of awakening and ripening 
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither 
figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 
the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug 
strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo 
love and familial 
is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless . 
of liveliness 
a remarkable film by bernard rose . 
charge money for this ? 
's not nearly enough 
i thought the relationships were wonderful , 
beautiful stars 
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . 
go hand in hand 
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another . 
to be clever , amusing and unpredictable 
as the synergistic impulse that created it 
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable . 
that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it 
a tendency to sag in certain places 
when ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . 
then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . 
poignant japanese epic 
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles . 
see what he could make with a decent budget 
modernize it with encomia 
the fast , funny , and even touching story 
crime drama fare 
thoroughly enjoyable 
spits out 
letdown 
's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos 
proficient , dull 
does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue . 
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , 
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . 
that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 
draw people together 
enticing and often funny documentary . 
provocative central wedding sequence 
of stupefying absurdity 
of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us 
as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code 
close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be 
me no lika da accents so good , but 
even its target audience talked all the way through it 
heartwarming 
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting . 
lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 
informative 
, it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . 
a porno flick 
` realistic ' 
genuinely moving and 
mundane '70s disaster flick 
, instantly disposable 
to be favorably compared to das boot 
real pleasure 
vampire fun 
even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances 
known as ' a perfect family film 
with a sickening thud 
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting . 
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics . 
's too close to real life to make sense 
is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting . 
is marvelous 
of the obvious cliches 
out of sight 
with two fine , nuanced lead performances 
belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . 
strange and wonderful creatures 
all its flaws 
watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs 
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications 
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work . 
indignant 
men with guns 
a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 
the lack 
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure 
's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming . 
does little 
i laughed at 
to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 
does n't make sense 
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life . 
itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 
otherwise the production is suitably elegant 
probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year 
our emotions 
` time waster ' 
seem barely in the same movie 
rashomon-for-dipsticks 
seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little . 
enticing and often funny documentary 
( l ) ame and unnecessary . 
repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue 
picture-perfect beach 
won -- and wins still 
, convincing 
no organic intrigue 
( sports ) admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency 
austin powers films 
captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece 
hypnotically dull . 
what the english call ` too clever by half 
lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story 
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) . 
astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one . 
is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 
both thematic content and narrative strength 
acute expressiveness 
the sentimental cliches 
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty 
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor . 
boiling point 
convince us of that all on their own 
drop dead gorgeous 
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world . 
, future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter 
to screen with considerable appeal intact 
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time . 
witless 
is to be cherished 
're engulfed by it . 
bad rock concert 
described as a ghost story gone badly awry 
fails as a dystopian movie , 
has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 
some cute moments , funny scenes 
just do n't work in concert . 
smart , sassy and exceptionally charming 
about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one 
a valentine sealed with a kiss 
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism . 
damn unpleasant 
anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie 
, movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . 
its inescapable absurdities 
would be terrific to read about 
glaring and unforgettable 
, it ultimately delivers 
is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans 
because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 
cause massive cardiac arrest 
betrayal , forgiveness and murder 
the way home 
less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations 
it 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary . 
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon . 
best thing 
incinerates frank capra 's classic 
the grandkids or the grandparents 
talkiness 
's plenty to offend everyone ... 
casting excellent latin actors of all ages 
falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject 
its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . 
there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back 
off his game 
his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend 
hitting the audience over the head with a moral 
psychological and philosophical 
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny 
are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition . 
favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness 
of family tradition and familial community 
hard-driving narcissism is a given 
dud from frame one 
a low-budget hybrid 
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race . 
plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown . 
love in the time of money 
a hunky has-been 
noyce has worked wonders with the material . 
less a movie than 
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline . 
should never have been brought out of hibernation 
'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 
a ponderous and pretentious endeavor 
welled up in my eyes both times 
is virtually unwatchable 
little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon 
a better short story 
manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity 
ages that is n't fake fun 
a monopoly on mindless action 
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . 
looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale 
enjoy this 
saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate 
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director 
is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking 
darkness 
eric 
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material 
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy 
also one of the most curiously depressing 
( cho 's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots . 
therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one 
, like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 
works because reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience . 
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but 
dreamy and evocative 
the actors make this worth a peek . 
tensions 
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 
suffers from a flat script and a low budget . 
the nightmare of war 
excruciatingly tedious 
to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus 
unimaginable 
as inept 
offers rare insight 
the master of disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live . ' 
creative interference 
, the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . 
he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . 
who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another 
have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . 
conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 
the 1980s 
the gutless direction 
gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner 
and slack direction 
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , 
aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) 
is more interesting 
vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores . 
profound ethical and philosophical questions 
passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge . 
a dud 
swaggers through his scenes 
bitchy frolic 
remarkable piece 
an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 
indifferent 
is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 
little $ 1.8 million charmer 
with all its flaws 
its moving story 
slumming 
for the best of hollywood 's comic-book 
as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation 
lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth 
look no further 
adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining 
an eloquent , deeply felt meditation 
twisted shapes history 
, and totally disorientated 
the emotional heart of happy 
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and 
as pure composition and form -- 
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic 
drying out 
entertaining thriller 
fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 
exceptionally 
blade 2 
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel . 
odd but ultimately satisfying 
inspiring , ironic , 
, poorly structured 
to proceed as the world implodes 
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . 
as darkly funny , energetic , and 
be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days 
queasy-stomached 
if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks 
's better than the phantom menace 
one the public 
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and 
delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation 
jovial 
with such sensitivity 
offensive and redundant 
while you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet , you 're a jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . '' 
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence 
career-best 
with pitch-perfect acting 
lulled into a coma 
self-centered 
unsatisfying muddle 
threadbare standbys 
feels uncomfortably real 
the arguments 
the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage . 
the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results 
hollywood magic 
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , 
how inseparable the two are 
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . 
faster , livelier 
play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen 
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but 
worth sitting through 
your pulse ever racing 
quite good 
the by now intolerable morbidity 
big heart 
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge 
'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . 
to be bored by as your abc 's 
recommended 
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level . 
it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look . 
with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . 
is certainly easy to watch 
give the movie points for 
snide and 
pat storylines 
been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran 
perception , conviction 
chance to shine 
anyone in his right mind would want to see the it 
is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist 
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness 
ame and unnecessary . 
has severe body odor 
is a desperate miscalculation 
a soufflé gone wrong 
starving and untalented 
the curse of a self-hatred instilled 
of solid performances 
do well to check this one out 
the ingenious construction 
unfortunately , that 's precisely what arthur dong 's family fundamentals does . 
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade . 
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat . 
-- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- 
it 's burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . 
brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before 
as simultaneously funny 
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification . 
with the cliché-laden screenplay 
being stupid 
with awe 
less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series . 
it seem fresh again 
to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum 
top-heavy 
as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at 
the power of poetry and passion 
little gem 
seriously , rent the disney version . 
are frequently too dark to be decipherable 
directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways . 
a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax 
good-looking but 
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s . 
much worse than bland or 
inconsistent , dishonest 
went 8 movies ago 
seeking to pull a cohesive story out 
bad love 
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling . 
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- 
made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit 
more like the pilot episode of a tv series 
disappointing 
depressing , 
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible 
fat 
undernourished and plodding 
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters graced with its company . 
that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice 
, it is worth searching out . 
is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script 
can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . 
their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable 
notorious rise 
and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience . 
ensemble cast romances recently 
great and a terrible story 
feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off 
the comedy equivalent 
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart . 
it 's funny . 
86 minutes too long 
( t ) he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation . 
veered off too far into the exxon zone , and 
's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable 
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical 
does n't add up . 
a much better documentary 
comically 
's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 
prevent its tragic waste of life 
feel contradictory things 
crisp framing , edgy camera work , and 
the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction 
this listless feature 
better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh 
successfully 
manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 
backwater 
true talent 
both gentle and biting 
a stately sense of composition 
, an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 
covers this territory with wit and originality 
starts out 
it will warm your heart , and 
i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me 
laughing in the crowd 
proves it 's never too late to learn . 
does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it . 
an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson 
already knows it 's won 
a blast of adrenalin 
's the perfect cure for insomnia . 
the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots . 
turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special . 
of visual flair 
in action 
that sends you out of the theater feeling 
( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , 
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i 'm all for that . 
's funny , 
is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career 
meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots 
uncomfortably strained 
serious 
the boobs are fantasti 
the script by vincent r. nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot . 
remembrance 
enveloping affection 
is one of the year 's best . 
is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it . 
cram earplugs 
cute animals 
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel . 
a bit melodramatic and even a little dated 
a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this 
flounders 
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography . 
make it well worth watching 
instructive 
only had a week to live 
burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue 
thumbs down 
a few zingers aside 
are terribly wasted 
shrewd but pointless 
it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain . 
the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian 
one of the most entertaining bonds in years 
layers 
a young woman who knows how to hold the screen 
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers . 
romp pile 
am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson . 
, i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain . 
timeless and unique perspective 
vivid characters and a warm , moving message 
a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream 
worth 
welcome and heartwarming 
the inspiration of the original 
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing . 
and that is where ararat went astray . 
is funny , insightfully human 
even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold . 
a lovably old-school hollywood confection 
respectable 
scariest movie 
dry the undead action flick formula 
, without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision 
body humor and reinforcement 
overcomes 
sorrowfully 
blazingly alive and admirable 
is off his game 
, we never really get inside of them . 
tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender 
are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 
also looking cheap 
poetic , 
12th oscar nomination 
of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence 
gentle and 
of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work 
create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch 
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 
really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . ' 
a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import 
the trip there is a great deal of fun . 
keeps you 
dramatic animated feature 
road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing 
, tender hug 
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket 
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm 
its solemn pretension 
you 'll find in this dreary mess . 
its exquisite acting 
genuine excitement 
cheap junk and 
come during that final , beautiful scene 
... even if you 've never heard of chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen . 
slow 
weak 
does its predecessors proud . 
has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . 
one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 
a hard time sitting through this one 
it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . 
significantly different ( and better ) 
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , 
have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time . 
tells a fascinating , compelling story 
, dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 
but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote 
a serious drama 
all end in someone screaming 
's such a mechanical endeavor ( that ) it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 
carry on their parents ' anguish 
as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line 
regret 
interminably 
a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable 
makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy 
saving grace 
, it will be well worth your time . 
presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet . 
as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . 
an incongruous summer playoff 
starts off witty and sophisticated and you 
overtly silly dialogue 
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star . 
is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . 
that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz 
feeling embarrassed 
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free 
holiday box office pie 
is actually funny with the material 
takes too long to shake 
suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme 
of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints 
smarter and more diabolical 
also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth 
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter 
is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it 
feel like mopping up 
a film -- full of life and small delights -- 
meaty 
socially encompassing 
a few cheap shocks 
it counts heart as important as humor 
greatest date movies 
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl 
telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience . 
to rival gosford park 's 
rigged and sluggish 
major-league 
be consumed and forgotten 
making his wife look so bad in a major movie 
a physique to match 
dudsville 
make the stones weep -- 
a terrible movie that some people 
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms 
disquieting triumph 
shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting 
be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure 
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun . 
has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . 
that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 
chilling 
a light , 
rooting against , 
but no sense of pride or shame 
ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 
will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever 
would have been better than the fiction it has concocted 
very hollowness 
to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun 
big , fat , dumb 
a wal-mart budget 
painfully formulaic and stilted 
amateurish screenplay 
scenery , vibe and all 
just die already 
drowsy 
an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities 
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . 
does a disservice to the audience and to the genre 
goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 
pinnacle 
the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women 
although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . 
it entertaining 
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . 
as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , 
( ferrera ) 
the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids 
could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 
a smart , 
viva le 
adroit but finally 
that rare documentary 
nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances . 
an annoying orgy 
to entertain or inspire its viewers 
transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil 
seek and strike just the right tone 
, these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . 
elegant and 
insipid script 
touched by this movie 
more revealing , more emotional and more surprising 
needed so badly 
liking 
are too obvious 
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting . 
an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting 
falling 
a markedly inactive film 
superior moral tone 
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else . 
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie 
trouble every day is a success in some sense , 
retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash 
heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene 's story ends 
wildly inventive mixture 
's just grating 
typical late-twenty-somethings natter 
nifty twists 
it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works . 
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . 
that suck the audience in 
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . 
reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 
cunning 
funnier . 
with a philosophical visual coming right 
... a solid , unassuming drama . 
an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 
the story 's undeniably hard to follow 
heroes 
is disappointingly generic 
funny , sexy , and rousing 
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece 
african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 
a scary , action-packed chiller 
many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 
of pre-9 / 11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind 
the similarly ill-timed antitrust 
is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents 
mr. deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy . 
borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , 
hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry 
spirit is a visual treat , 
so preachy-keen and 
be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus 
ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context 
with it 
that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 
grow boring ... 
you crave chris smith 's next movie 
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition 
powerful 1957 drama 
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings . 
it happens to flat characters 
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them . 
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense . 
by it -- the kind of movie 
has some unnecessary parts 
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic . 
visual and verbal clichés 
ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters 
muy loco 
so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing 
amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest 
phenomenal , especially 
, it 's not very interesting . 
illness 
riveting profile 
sparking 
on cue 
patchy 
, stupid 
so vivid 
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise . 
being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances 
they never succeed in really rattling the viewer 
is so charmless and vacant 
some futile concoction 
a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen 
slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms 
a strangely 
that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness 
extraordinary debut from josh koury . 
uncinematic 
, there 's much to recommend the film . 
are also some startling , surrealistic moments 
, the movie stirs us as well . 
discoveries 
be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated 
super-stupid 
this is a movie full of grace and 
as part of mr. dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair . 
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie . 
is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 
fascinating -- and timely -- 
the last days 
of the great films about movie love 
the first movie 
all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon 
looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , 
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch . 
, it 's not very good either . 
exploit his anger 
enjoy yourselves without feeling conned 
, accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . 
this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip 
the worst -- and only -- killer website movie 
exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor 
offers a trenchant critique of capitalism 
be all too familiar 
corpse 
dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song 
add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . 
what the hell was coming next 
, to say nothing of boring . 
uneasily 
really long , slow and dreary time 
loneliest dark spots 
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve . 
remains brightly optimistic 
amuse or entertain 
delight 
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy . 
stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . 
tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing 
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 
i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it 
laugh-out-loud 
, the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . 
the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally . 
deserves to be seen everywhere 
its visual delights 
an empty shell 
with honest performances and exceptional detail 
build some robots , haul 'em to the theater with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 
throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary 
a moving story of determination and the human spirit 
a strength 
missing from it 
be well worth your time 
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving . 
second-rate 
extremely bad . 
beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve . 
time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans . 
who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- 
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' 
when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 
prejudice 
depress 
once again that he 's the best brush in the business 
a depressingly retrograde 
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do . 
as beautiful , desirable 
cho 's previous concert comedy film 
sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 
bitter end 
, but wanes in the middle 
should give `` scratch '' a second look 
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then 
another example of how sandler is losing his touch 
told with sharp ears and eyes 
iosseliani 
is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , 
scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . ' 
is at once intimate and universal cinema . 
immersed in a foreign culture only 
bring their characters to life 
might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) . 
is a genuinely bone-chilling tale 
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining . 
have required genuine acting from ms. spears 
so engagingly 
inconsistencies 
that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits 
an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime 
foolish and shallow 
given this movie a rating of zero 
vapid and 
an overexposed waste 
a momentum that never lets up 
a snore and utter tripe 
considerable skill and determination , 
when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type 
can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) 
thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film 
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and 
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed 
a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige 
find little new 
shrill and soporific , and because 
slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze 
a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds 
sustains 
is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing 
wrong with performances here 
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , 
to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous 
many clichés 
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... 
welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture 
an interesting technical exercise 
makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 
stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable 
all-powerful 
, compelling 
in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 
did they not 
on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy 
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick 
just like a splendid meal 
ransacks its archives 
for the whole family 
too narrow to attract crossover viewers 
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal 
their lofty perch 
reliable textbook 
that was n't at least watchable 
sometimes dry 
ca n't even do that much . 
the corniest 
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle 
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , 
like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale 
resistance and artistic transcendence 
an ingenious and often harrowing 
commanding screen presence 
well-meant 
your nose 
, you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox 
an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and 
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , 
as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops 
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . 
its elegantly colorful look 
does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal . 
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion . 
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and 
but it would be better to wait for the video . 
, i have given this movie a rating of zero . 
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable 
rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . 
only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them 
at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor 
but then again , i hate myself most mornings . 
that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad 
is something of a triumph . 
unpaid 
get out 
in as much humor as pathos 
nightmare 
sinks into by-the-numbers territory 
partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success 
are as subtle and as enigmatic 
also a -- dare i say it twice -- 
fast-moving 
nothing interesting in unfaithful 
are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep . 
every family 
overall feelings , broader ideas 
bottom tier 
good old fashioned spooks 
best movies 
cheap , 
is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . 
as faithful portraiture 
a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 
a complete shambles 
the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure 
is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious 
right tone 
formal settings with motionless characters 
the horrible pains of a death 
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality . 
just for sitting through it 
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film 
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack 
dull , lifeless , and irritating 
hollowness 
he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 
climactic burst 
unforgivingly inconsistent 
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger . 
non-techies can enjoy 
feeble 
old bad trip 
distinct and very welcome 
of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 
good for this sucker 
fluffy and disposible . 
beneath otherwise tender movements 
the jokes are sophomoric , 
carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance 
a bid to hold our attention 
do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't 
alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes . 
the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america 
hanukkah 
staggeringly compelling character 
is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety . 
joke 
interesting 
of sensual delights and simmering violence 
innocence and idealism 
nearly as dreadful 
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ? 
cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 
even better 
it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy 
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful . 
a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes 
all-night 
is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama 
grandly 
minority report '' astounds . 
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' 
seems worse for the effort 
too fancy 
joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature 
swallow than julie taymor 's preposterous titus 
its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be 
the truth about charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project . 
's about issues most adults have to face in marriage 
movie-star intensity 
the problem with the film 
glows 
the small screen 
become almost as operatic to us 
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe 
merely pretentious -- 
is almost in a class with that of wilde himself . 
is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . 
looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining 
a terrible adaptation 
difficult to connect with on any deeper level 
is solid , satisfying fare for adults 
fierce competition 
a fair amount of b-movie excitement 
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed 
fine idea 
a movie that will make you laugh 
cool , composed delivery 
is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull 
offers some flashy twists 
has had some success with documentaries 
it 's an effort to watch this movie , 
competent performers 
to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 
efficiently minimalist style 
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie . 
of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band 
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar . 
simple but absorbing 
look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes 
the best film 
's much to recommend the film 
congrats disney on a job 
ailments 
tasty performance 
classified as a movie-industry satire 
inspires more than an interested detachment 
's better than the phantom menace . 
you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one 
engaging . 
scarcely worth 
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit 
the plot has a number of holes 
prima 
finally , the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first . 
a riveting story 
is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice 
the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated 
's the sweet cinderella story 
hardly seems worth the effort . 
strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 
a director enjoying himself immensely 
starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés . 
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work 
stimulate 
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord . 
old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle 
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little 
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that 
tacky nonsense 
might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience 
saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) 
`` terrible 
grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor 
makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role 
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . 
the euphoria of growing up 
slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease 
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet 
it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama 
does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories 
to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone 
philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and 
starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable 
adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special 
asks the right questions 
made me feel unclean 
developed hastily 
far more alienating than involving 
post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves . 
the idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run . 
they do n't fit well together and neither is well told . 
, pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel . 
unsuccessful attempt 
one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters 
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety 
he 's not good with people . 
is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie 
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , 
have to admit i walked out of runteldat 
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters 
the natural affability that has made tucker a star 
it 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . 
amused 
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating 
, it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . 
joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius . 
thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy 
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders 
it 's insanely violent and very graphic 
than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 
riveting memories 
sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half 
a picaresque view 
with roussillon providing comic relief 
with a sensitivity 
art house pretension . 
big mistake . 
a mischievous visual style 
that things fall apart 
of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone 
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst 
of parental failings 
revenge , and romance 
a lousy one 
this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film 
england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing 
idiotic court maneuvers 
do what he does best 
through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill 
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 
true to its animatronic roots : 
visual virtuosity 
great way 
to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 
too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . 
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal . 
leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach 
shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . 
in the mind of the killer 
be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back 
average , at best , i 'm afraid . 
haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 
manual 
is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family 
to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen 
sweet , funny 
of exceptional honesty 
first-timer 
composed or edited 
more than a bait-and-switch 
is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience 
the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are 
do n't deserve any oscars 
used soap 
destroy is also a creative urge 
intelligent people 
because it was particularly funny 
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... 
of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd 
is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . 
re-fried 
that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience 
bizarre , implausible 
simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . 
going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn 
another shameless attempt 
that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about 
such a perfect medium 
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival 
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns . 
jackson is always watchable . 
like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead 
takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' 
a delicious crime drama on par 
mind ugly 
strongest film 
with his usual intelligence and subtlety 
pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . 
affair 
be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera 
, with enough negatives 
fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . 
that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 
oddly humorous 
riveting set pieces 
expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school 
any way of gripping what its point is , 
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation . 
undeniably exceedingly clever 
undeniably worthy and devastating 
its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis 
all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new 
boring man 
spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) 
precision 
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming . 
an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way 
busts out of its comfy little cell 
recognizable and true 
such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise 
sweet-tempered 
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility . 
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , 
to the most enchanting film of the year 
us share their enthusiasm 
affection 
greatest star wattage 
too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets . 
madonna 's 
compassionate spirit 
had a wonderful account to work from 
great character 
a bit exploitative but also nicely done 
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard 
every suspenseful cliché 
is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate . 
bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor 
quirky and funny 
, the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care 
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining . 
`` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme . 
, however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 
is its energy 
cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma 
is disappointing 
pointed personalities , courage , 
chaos 
remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written 
, with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives . 
fascinate 
to the outstanding soundtrack 
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park 's . 
gently funny , sweetly adventurous film 
as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice 
terrific as rachel 
coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro 
on great scares and a good surprise ending 
meandering , low on energy , and too eager 
me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire 
cheapening 
treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate 
nearly as fresh or enjoyable 
cerebral and cinemantic flair 
contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion . 
as punching bags 
could have -- should have 
disappoint 
it collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush . 
you 'll forget about it by monday , though 
of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 
last walked out on a movie 
confuses its message 
` funny 
holland lets things peter out midway , but 
its convolutions 
psychologically revealing 
call it magic 
even with all its botches , enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . 
inventive and mordantly humorous 
its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial 
everlasting 
along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes 
is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie 
moments out of an alice 
that it stinks 
everything that was right about blade 
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being . 
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing . 
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments 
all credibility flies out the window . 
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion 
there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country . 
whiny and defensive 
bother thinking it all through 
may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work 
misses the mark 
a genre that 's already a joke in the united states . 
the backstage angst 
delightful , well-crafted family film 
family fare . 
captive by mediocrity . 
's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life 
heartening tale 
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture . 
it -- 
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s 
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . 
understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing 
sexy , and rousing 
star power 
raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . 
the script 's refusal of a happy ending 
ingenious 
gently political 
does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago 
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight 
ultimately satisfying 
its title implies 
with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set 
that is both gripping and compelling 
thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all . 
got the brawn , but not the brains 
elegantly balanced movie 
unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke . 
are far more alienating than involving 
while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary . 
lifeless execution . 
languishing on a shelf somewhere 
is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side 
distinguished 
those who are drying out from spring break 
is more timely now than ever . 
but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . 
barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested 
it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art 
with a solid cast , 
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time 
believe it or 
an interesting slice 
then again , subtlety has never been his trademark 
amusedly 
find that real natural , even-flowing tone 
the end result does no justice to the story itself 
and mawkish dialogue 
have potential as a cult film 
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 
a bright future 
work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 
followed by the bad idea 
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 
this filmmaker 's flailing reputation 
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny . 
fred schepisi 's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point . 
serious soul 
as predictable as the tides 
how to win the battle 
reflective and beautifully 
something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities 
's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie 
fly at such a furiously funny pace 
this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy 
the criminal world 
as the film has some of the best special effects ever 
compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 
iranian drama 
plodding teen remake 
of quiet desperation 
some serious soul 
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement 
, hart 's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . 
is hard to care 
most ardent 
in world cinema 
is completely 
that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking 
the acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff . 
a very tasteful rock and 
a heartfelt romance for teenagers 
throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling 
despite slick production values and director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 
moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama 
pointed , often tender , examination 
sweet home alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films . 
to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company 
if you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice . 
it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe . 
, fits the bill perfectly 
properly spooky 
a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women 
a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery 
hit you from the first scene 
a movie star 
of kitsch hard going 
its dark , delicate treatment of these characters 
new inspiration in it 
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue . 
can seem tiresomely simpleminded . 
combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream 
the psychology too textbook to intrigue 
be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 
a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence . 
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays 
that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar 
hackneyed elements 
's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease . 
pulls off the feat with aplomb 
a definitive counter-cultural document 
carried by a strong sense of humanism 
of cliches 
astonishing is n't the word -- 
pleasant tale 
, it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . 
thought would leave you cold 
likely to witness in a movie theater for some time 
to a more mythic level 
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion 
exceedingly rare films 
, unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke . 
, then you 're at the right film . 
as compelling or as believable 
highly watchable stuff . 
plenty to offend everyone 
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics . 
baked 
mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . 
blithe rebel fantasy 
a corny examination 
in frustration 
misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 
going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 
splendidly cast pair 
detailed personal portrait 
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , 
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters . 
humorous and 
extravagant 
showing off his doctorate 
in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality 
imitative of innumerable 
is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride . 
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation 
passions , obsessions , and 
of two unrelated shorts that falls far short 
will definitely win some hearts 
long-lived friendships and 
` matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy . 
you 're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic . 
idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 
if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad 
like acid 
screaming but yawning 
is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . 
reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . 
its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) 
cinema history as the only movie ever 
a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 
ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters 
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder 
affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together . 
too clever 
intimate and panoramic . 
this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men 
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music . 
despite lagging near the finish line 
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . 
nonsensical story 
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach 
cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything . 
inventive 
cluelessness 
as earnest as a community-college advertisement 
bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival 
the real triumphs 
embarrassment and others 
big ending surprise 
bittersweet 
effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres 
to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia 
loud , violent and mindless 
scare the pants 
something special 
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions 
to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon 
showing off 
only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond 
puts history in perspective 
will likely prefer to keep on watching . 
of great monster/science fiction flicks 
the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . 
dull with only caine 
of whimsy 
the players do n't have a clue on the park . 
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : 
with zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies 
is so incredibly inane 
, dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot 
both lead performances are oscar-size . 
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably 
sly female empowerment movie 
a re-hash of the other seven films 
a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance 
can render it anything but laughable . 
attracts the young and fit 
are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise 
in this summer 's new action film 
's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin 
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer 
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie 
pleasant 
actually amusing 
grace and humor 
created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores 
keep watching the skies for his next project 
of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe 
comfort in familiarity 
screwball ideas 
, it offers hope 
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman 
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but 
turn stupid 
's that good . 
wisdom and emotion 
huge gap 
is exceedingly pleasant 
this pretty watchable 
's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 
self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash 
nary a glimmer of self-knowledge 
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script . 
the big shear 
as ' a perfect family film 
wide-awake all the way through 
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school 
to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be 
is a successful one 
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious 
that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people 
, i 'd say the film works 
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control . 
generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling 
undeniably moving film 
a lackluster script and substandard performances 
exceptionally dreary and overwrought 
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , 
an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 
filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner 
giddy and whimsical and relevant today 
ends up delivering in good measure 
unimpeachable clarity 
is familiar but enjoyable 
delete key 
this movie is hopeless 
under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely 
enough charming moments 
is sentimental 
terrible . 
every bit as high 
helps create a complex , unpredictable character . 
what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 
propaganda film 
tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence 
chatty fish 
come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count 
exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation . 
make this worth a peek . 
lot to be desired 
sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped . 
be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience 
the jokes , 
puts an exclamation point on the fact 
a turkey 
e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone . 
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through 
primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of 
is dreamy and evocative 
crisp clarity 
is still quite good-natured 
well-behaved film 
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief 
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera . 
the worst excesses of nouvelle 
so insatiable 
quietly inspirational 
, in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . 
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . 
great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s 
is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . 
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness 
be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor 
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers . 
's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre 
scarcely worth a mention 
the film special 
of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism 
cracked lunacy 
nasty aftertaste but 
is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling 
is n't scary 
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet . 
clever adaptation 
cutting and blurry 
is a rather toothless take on a hard young life 
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around . 
making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female 
its audience giddy with the delight of discovery 
've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time 
dumb gags , anatomical humor 
nostalgic , twisty yarn 
is well done 
a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling 
we 're drawn in by the dark luster . 
many excesses 
are great rewards here . 
wise and deadpan 
more recent successes 
the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear 
written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience 
... despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . ' 
inelegant 
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment 
seem odd bedfellows 
is funny . 
, but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes . 
is just a little bit hard to love 
wo n't hold up over the long haul 
no amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it . 
touching good sense on the experience of its women 
his generation 's 
's refreshing to see a romance this smart 
has a laundry list of minor shortcomings 
a generational signpost 
fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 
the problems and characters it reveals 
why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery 
it could have been something special 
sensitive acting 
bad acting 
a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart 
though they are having so much fun 
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle . 
rather slow beginning 
shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans 
enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out 
want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned 
also has humor and heart and very talented young actors 
out of character and logically 
the fantastic and the believable 
( macdowell ) ventures beyond her abilities 
wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies 
the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror 
absolutely not . 
in a big way 
delightful , if minor , pastry 
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral 
you 'll love this movie . 
becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are 
episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight . 
a fairly impressive debut 
marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows 
in its courageousness , and comedic employment 
escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks 
a flair for dialogue comedy 
provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen 
does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time 
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest 
deficit 
` linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... ' 
permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations 
only self-aware neurotics engage in 
the pleasure 
that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs 
is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 
still feels counterproductive 
leaves a bitter taste 
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and 
refreshing to see a romance this smart 
mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face 
confusion is one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases . 
to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic 
could have been crisper and punchier 
tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell 
acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts 
's the very definition of epic adventure 
is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 
asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well 
sheer beauty 
robinson 's web of suspense 
convincing characters 
a part of its fun 
if you 're up for that sort of thing 
instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence . 
will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face . 
dread 
's a dark , gritty story 
a sports extravaganza 
why sex and lucia is so alluring 
, skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 
an enthusiastic charm in fire 
the rock is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal . 
sickening thud 
see because the theater 
lackluster script 
impossible to care about 
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists 
stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . 
see a devastating comic impersonation 
standard slasher flick 
the story and the actors are served with a hack script . 
have thought possible 
fascinating they may be as history 
disgusting to begin with 
what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in 
, it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . 
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies 
it does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity . 
irksome characters 
the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 
could make you weep 
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days 
hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book . 
bottom-of-the-bill fare 
mediterranean sparkles 
a funny film . 
begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s 
hard-hitting 
inspiring hope 
unfunny and unentertaining 
herzog simply runs out of ideas and 
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so 
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close . 
comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness 
have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted 
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie 
very charming and funny 
is a pretty good job , 
of martha stewart decorating program run amok 
my great pleasure 
cheery and 
of loving 
thumbs friggin ' down 
classy , sprightly spin 
pleasure to watch 
scam 
the field no favors 
adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design . 
's a scorcher . 
awful acts 
low , smoky and inviting 
underachiever 
find millions of eager fans 
every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm 
if the suspense never rises to a higher level 
washed away 
all , a great party 
made him a truly larger-than-life character 
is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie . 
the predictability of bland comfort food 
this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer . 
is phenomenal , especially the women . 
a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life . 
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** 
if not a home run , then at least 
a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible 
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , 
can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art 
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks 
have done in half an hour 
one of the smartest 
with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure 
most of it given to children 
is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 
feel-bad ending 
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further 
falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting . 
( hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . 
the cartoon 
stylistically 
whose derring-do puts the x into the games 
the full monty , but 
mostly fool 's 
wise , wizened 
really need a remake of `` charade 
a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 
exploitation picture 
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime . 
schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch 
such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play 
dramas like this make it human . 
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism . 
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , and 
make for one splendidly cast pair 
even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside 
want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 
more graceful way 
by exceptional performances 
an inexpressible and drab wannabe 
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , 
i must have failed 
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life 
as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism 
more annoying 
its relaxed , 
is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow . 
natural and lovely 
the concept of loss 
feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic 
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie . 
fantastic visual trope 
even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 
may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry 
is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice 
far from disappointing 
true for being so hot-blooded 
leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject 
gets a lot of flavor and spice 
successful one 
believe that people have lost the ability to think 
musical numbers 
love it , too . 
the broiling sun 
the comic opportunities richly rewarded 
the first one charming 
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved 
comic slugfest 
he 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness . 
your toes wo n't still be tapping 
a tour de force 
absurdly simplistic 
gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection 
's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity . 
well-contructed 
a classical dramatic animated feature , 
hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before 
dressed up this little parable 
to believe in it the most 
a few good ideas 
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy . 
the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs 
is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . 
its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity 
that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes 
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures . 
are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun 
` synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree . 
by which time it 's impossible to care who wins 
unsettling , memorable cinematic experience 
has something interesting to say 
a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings 
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . 
you want to see it 
describe how bad it is 
, inflammatory film 
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive 
the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 
's in danger of going wrong 
get you 
abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . 
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard 
a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story 
carries almost no organic intrigue 
geared 
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking 
feel ` stoked 
has a new career ahead of him 
not much else 
, something is rotten in the state of california 
the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph 
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy 
found a tough beauty 
more propaganda 
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . 
dull , 
that attracts the young and fit 
get weird , 
make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger 
an enthralling , 
the central flaw 
enjoyably over-the-top 
balanced or fair 
a pretty good team 
needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . 
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - 
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to 
looks as if it belongs on the big screen 
frustrations 
everyone making it 
committed 
the most enchanting film 
argentine american beauty reeks 
who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 
insultingly 
old-hat province 
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; 
` blade ii ' just does n't cut it 
being real 
's burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . 
's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects 
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched . 
is unashamedly pro-serbian 
from the dull 
it takes you somewhere 
tootsie 
witty and 
unfunny 
wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate 
that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature 
humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life 
make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series 
visually striking and viscerally repellent 
so downbeat 
for finding meaning in relationships or work 
, paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . 
has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid 
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life . 
do justice 
well-rounded 
is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad 
she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew . 
bigger 
something vital about the movie 
onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 
should please history fans 
that its story just is n't worth telling 
really strong second effort 
tight and nasty 
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 
so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles 
a fun , no-frills ride 
and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him . 
dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean . 
with the pale script 
heroic 
neo-fascism 
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . 
effort to watch this movie 
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence 
irredeemably awful 
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting . 
seeking an existent anti-virus 
the quirky drama 
formidable 
the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . 
deceptively simple , deeply satisfying 
silly summer entertainment 
from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud 
the movie 's seams may show ... but 
was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 
charming but slight comedy 
lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders . 
that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll 
this like the dreaded king brown snake 
these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . 
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message . 
on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... 
stuffiest cinema goers 
few sequels 
stands out 
the treat of the title 
anarchist maxim 
beginning to hate it 
the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 
confident enough 
if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest . 
supremely good natured 
has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . 
's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs 
has a film 's title served such dire warning 
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products ... 
a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form 
any scorsese has ever given us 
like real people 
silly -- and gross -- 
how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time 
irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what 
'' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan 
from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness 
of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 
are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front 
visually bland 
disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it 
as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable 
's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies 
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is . 
is laughingly enjoyable 
jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , 
too stagey 
as an actor 's showcase , hart 's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . 
is not it 
pushes too hard 
who does n't think about percentages all day long 
universal appeal 
i 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . 
a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch 
you turn stupid 
edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 
various sources 
a cartoon ? 
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year . 
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but 
is japanese and yet feels universal 
courage and 
you could change tables 
poorly structured 
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter 
romp from robert rodriguez . 
energy it 's documenting 
the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 
be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images 
insomnia is one of the year 's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances 
yelling in your face for two hours 
of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 
skip this dreck , 
nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish 
`` sorority boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad 
diverges from anything 
filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car 
well together 
quiet , introspective and entertaining independent 
goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy . 
's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . 
stylistically , the movie is a disaster . 
of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen 
may well 
, unlikable characters 
amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest 
comes far closer than many movies 
in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . 
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences . 
the familiar topic of office politics 
a quirky , off-beat project 
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination 
insurance company office 
scratch for a lesson in scratching 
squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula 
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile 
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling 
is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 
this quirky soccer import is forgettable 
of the situation in a well-balanced fashion 
, thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 
have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it 
almost humdrum approach to character development 
a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot 
the nonstop artifice 
turns very dark and very funny 
... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . 
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... 
fantasy of a director 's travel 
wise folks that they are 
winning tone 
the really bad blair witch project 
of the current political climate 
captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty 
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore 's the scarlet letter . 
oozing with attractive men 
provides an invaluable service 
rip off 
interesting technical exercise 
sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell 
a larger-than-life figure 
far more witty 
if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time . 
a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex 
a little weak 
makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here . 
is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian . 
comes off as a pale successor . 
-- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- 
makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 
into one good one 
it 's just not very smart . 
to match the power of their surroundings 
slippery slope 
that has no teeth 
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring 
saving 
most politically audacious films 
and inventive moments 
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression 
joyous life 
can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo 
propaganda 
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity 
full well 
waste their time 
failed jokes , twitchy acting , and 
the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful . 
ca n't wait to see what the director does next 
cliche-ridden 
overly melodramatic ... 
pummel us with phony imagery or music 
inspired 
brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 
that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement 
open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning 
miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet . 
uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . 
this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 
is one summer film that satisfies 
negligible work 
o matter how much good will the actors generate 
bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction 
color and creativity 
it 's the image that really tells the tale . 
is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways 
make the most of its own ironic implications 
as lazy 
self-consciously poetic 
diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly 
a bonus feature 
succeeded beyond all expectation 
limpid and 
a classic story 
, while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 
poignant and gently humorous 
washington has a sure hand . 
to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe 
has actually bothered to construct a real story this time . 
has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s . 
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- 
has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness . 
go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches 
this pathetic junk 
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances . 
's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure 
does n't work as either 
too amateurish and 
model 
pleasing at its best moments 
cross swords with the best of them and 
hollywood kids 
warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed 
's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . 
'' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 
is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable 
tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing 
the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way 
decent popcorn adventure 
films crammed with movie references 
is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull . 
hate myself 
by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline 
exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters . 
runs on the pure adrenalin 
is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay . 
the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times . 
improves on it , 
hallmark commercial 
tasty and 
thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor 
, you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth . 
humble 
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics . 
keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable 
the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 
, it 's awfully entertaining to watch . 
clever ideas and 
the theme with added depth and resonance 
damn weird 
the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 
enjoying 
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , 
on it 
a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way 
gasping at its visual delights 
ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going 
well-intentioned , 
has never 
could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time 
winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 
stimulating and demanding 
sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem 
at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken 
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast 
sent back 
on the edge of your seat 
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and 
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity . 
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but 
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , 
enjoyable feel-good family comedy 
thoughtful and rewarding glimpse 
constant fits of laughter 
allows us to chuckle through the angst 
terribly episodic and 
impish divertissement 
unusual but pleasantly haunting debut 
've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed 
are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty 
no way 
genre-busting film 
as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable 
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - 
is actually one of its strengths 
deeply out of place 
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both . 
the characters seem one-dimensional , and 
the home video market 
a classical dramatic animated feature 
steals the show 
the worst films of the summer 
adrenaline jolt 
fail to crack a smile at 
lousy script 
vicious and 
, signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 
to her inventive director 
a golden book sprung to life 
slow and ponderous , but rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption . 
engross even the most antsy youngsters 
is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away 
this deeply moving french drama 
spiteful 
a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out 
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films 
it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot . 
with weak dialogue and biopic 
misconstrued as weakness 
as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound 
thrill you , touch you 
completely enlightening 
craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison 
get on television 
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature . 
cesspool 
swedish 
lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 
, the trip there is a great deal of fun . 
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess . 
from bland actors 
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting . 
its empowerment 
and narrative strength 
is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original 
perfect quiet pace 
is better than you might think . 
squander jennifer love hewitt 
deliberately and skillfully uses 
a true adaptation of her book 
it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome . 
an intriguing story of maternal instincts and 
part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent 
a comedy to start a reaction 
cliché-riddled 
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more 
that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 
, remains surprisingly idealistic 
that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier 
a unique culture 
druggy and self-indulgent , 
an honest , sensitive story 
yong kang 
susceptible to blue hilarity , 
a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style 
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging 
an adventurous young talent 
ranges from bad to bodacious 
piercingly affecting ... 
about one thing is a small gem . 
disturbance 
bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun 
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists 
this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . 
of death in this bitter italian comedy 
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost . 
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful . 
the film 's hero is a bore 
it 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . 
flavorless 
ring hollow 
however , it 's invaluable 
a convolution of language that suggests it 
leftovers 
but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? ' 
hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart 
of lame entertainment 
dumb , 
to a strangely sinister happy ending 
at ninety minutes , it drags 
fuzzy 
under-inspired , overblown enterprise 
with the waldo salt screenwriting award 
to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd 
ca n't go wrong 
are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances 
exceptional detail 
hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through . 
the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme 
it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 
a hilarious adventure 
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work . 
none-too-original 
striking character traits 
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , 
less-compelling 
the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 
has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition 
radical action 
except as a harsh conceptual exercise 
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas . 
evolve 
and pasta-fagioli comedy 
the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama 
up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream 
( fincher 's ) camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller . 
strength and sense 
thoughtful , emotional 
a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo 
the charm of the first movie is still there 
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time 
constant smiles and frequent laughter 
too loud , too goofy and 
french cinema at its best 
life-changing 
want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . 
, funnier . 
thought the relationships were wonderful 
stuffy , full of itself , 
a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone 
to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 
have been lost in the translation this time 
is n't a bad film 
through contrived plot points 
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows . 
almost never fails him 
the film buzz and whir ; 
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy 
as tiresome as 9 seconds 
sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role 
the overall experience is awesome 
fascinating portrait 
from which no interesting concept can escape 
, ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 
fun and 
a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist 
sufficient 
worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 
a technical triumph and an extraordinary 
is n't very funny 
the laughs 
saw that was written down 
the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works 
the most wondrous love story 
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung . 
drug abuse 
flashy , overlong soap 
a chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department . 
put together with the preteen boy in mind 
bad-movie way 
this somewhat tired premise 
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature 
to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script 
appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time 
it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless 
'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 
lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade 
shows -- reality shows for god 's sake 
trusted audiences 
'' is entertaining . 
yes , but also intriguing and honorable , 
conventional but heartwarming 
sensuous and spirited tale 
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative 
an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp 
are often a stitch 
chaotic 
the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling 
that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare 
something 's horribly wrong 
slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but 
you have left the theater 
celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! ) 
meandering , and sometimes dry 
to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love 
cultural and personal self-discovery and 
to believe that something so short could be so flabby 
that the entire exercise has no real point 
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest 
scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away 
retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images 
furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation 
heart and unsettling subject matter 
is an uneven film for the most part 
what is essentially an extended soap opera 
) are such a companionable couple 
delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory 
cultural satire 
... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully . 
is just too original to be ignored . 
you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes 
the finest films of the year 
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen 
packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack 
entertained by the sight of someone 
a wonderful thing 
death and mind-numbing indifference 
becalmed 
the movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity 
is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally . 
inauthentic at its core 
the story compels 
little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding 
stylized sequences 
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day . 
a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart . 
it 's fun , 
adorably ditsy but heartfelt 
is so fine 
a film in which the talent is undeniable 
a few tasty morsels under your belt 
are pure hollywood 
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and 
disapproval 
water torture 
leave a large dog alone 
an achingly enthralling premise 
with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers 
that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it 
dreary and 
of holes and completely lacking in chills 
beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors 
no explanation or even plot relevance 
deeply touching melodrama 
love that strikes a very resonant chord 
sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness 
brand name 
it 's a big idea 
real poignancy 
take it 
struggled 
jumbled 
robotically 
hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses 
`` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece . 
chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in 
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale 
thriller `` new best friend '' 
gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing 
begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject 
like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments 
marvelous first 101 
solo 
this very compelling tale 
nothing 's happening 
trudge out 
the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow . 
... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made . 
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does . 
thrilling movie 
gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . 
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here 
into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek 
plotless , shapeless 
all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness . 
motivated by something more than franchise possibilities 
badly edited , 91-minute trailer 
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original 
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way 
cussing 
elegant and eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions 
cinematic appeal 
sexually explicit 
disquieting and thought-provoking film 
dumb story 
that fails to make adequate 
is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen . 
deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf 
that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel 
try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching 
that omnibus tradition called marriage 
its worst 
... quite endearing . 
, flashy , overlong soap opera . 
involved . 
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , 
tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations 
brave 
disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service 
that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album 
pretty good little movie 
's actually sort of amazing 
rather dull , unimaginative 
engages us in constant fits of laughter 
in its own direction 
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . ' 
even predictable remake 
absolutely 
is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype 
as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . 
bad in a major movie 
about the best thing you could say about narc 
`` the best disney movie 
when the explosions start , they fall to pieces 
emotional intelligence 
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure 
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and 
outdoes its spectacle . 
is all over the place , really 
is still charming here 
so bland 
those visual in-jokes 
to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 
the same blueprint 
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago . 
interesting enough 
frida gets the job done . 
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 
capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances 
bring you into the characters 
it makes up for with its heart . 
who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 
enigmatic features 
terribly 
full of surprises 
the burning sensation 
to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone 
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , 
stuffy , full of itself 
is credible and remarkably mature 
huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes 
one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year 
of dazzling pop entertainment 
their parents , wise folks that they are , read books 
despite its shortcomings , girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . 
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy . 
is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid 
gently funny , sweetly adventurous 
goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl 
some glimpses of nature and family warmth 
work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse 
crack a smile 
overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director 
there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes 
updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place 
flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community 
wonderfully edited 
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and 
bring on the sequel . 
is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication 
borrows a bit from the classics `` wait until dark '' and `` extremities '' ... but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself 
to the experience 
if it 's filmed tosca that you want 
it 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series . 
above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 
a compelling story to tell 
one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 
nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants 
raucous and sappy 
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor . 
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 
satisfyingly scarifying , 
be moved by this drama 
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot . 
`` interesting '' 
is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 
it 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name . 
pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste 
the better video-game-based flicks , 
mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 
it 's more than a worthwhile effort 
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision . 
rank frustration from those 
in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary 
a children 's film in the truest sense 
bad at it is cruel 
's what makes it worth a recommendation 
avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill 
candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars 
a group of dedicated artists 
live happily ever 
magnificent swooping aerial shots 
more valuable 
with too much exploitation and too little art 
right choice 
are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent 
deliver a great story 
of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written 
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip . 
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back 
, intimate and intelligent 
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes . 
rude and profane 
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . 
own style 
a subtle and richly internalized performance 
a vivid , sometimes surreal , 
to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun 
a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 
in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol 
nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale 
teen-speak and animal gibberish 
stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions 
to sit through it again 
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously 
too mushy 
redemption 
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and 
's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins . 
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche . 
of the worst dialogue 
to the bitter end 
shrieky special effects 
this is an interesting movie ! '' 
friday after next spreads them pretty thin 
clarity and 
all things we 've seen before 
me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work 
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece 
an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity 
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , 
trailer-trash 
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman 
characteristically engorged and 
rock-solid 
it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens 
a philosophical visual coming right 
we value in our daily lives 
described as a ghost story gone badly awry . 
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified 
jim brown 
like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . 
between realistic characters 
endless exposition 
the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them . 
onto a different path 
in the characters you see 
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies 
does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects . 
quirky , charming 
the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia . 
of warmth , color and cringe 
on the monster 's path of destruction 
is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive . 
heartfelt performances 
some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory 
the mundane 
, realistic portrayal 
a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle 
if you 're looking for a story , do n't bother . 
it actually hurts to watch . 
it 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . 
forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 
standard horror flick formula 
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , 
detective story 
to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book 
have to give them credit for : the message of the movie 
sinks into by-the-numbers territory . 
remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities . 
humanistic 
cast is painful to watch 
the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you . 
stimulating and 
in a good way 
is predictable at every turn 
it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . 
bogs down in genre cliches here 
the problems with the film 
as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro 
sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 
the station looking for a return ticket to realism 
what i liked about it 
, is still good fun . 
puzzle his most ardent fans . 
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . 
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema . 
ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ... 
rock solid family fun 
gently tedious in its comedy 
to be something really good 
blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 
killing time , that 's all that 's going on here . 
grating 
banal 
's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax 
than a spy thriller like the bourne identity 
ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro . 
's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie 
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , 
indispensable 
eye-catching 
payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 
most purely enjoyable and 
to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem 
clear and reliable 
this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree 
, this movie is hopeless 
only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor 
, kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . 
which makes its message resonate . 
questionable 
that jackie chan is getting older 
does n't really go anywhere 
a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness 
cheap 
its own ironic implications 
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit . 
it also treats the subject with fondness and respect 
mostly due to its superior cast 
some strong performances 
of virtuosic set pieces 
the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen 
not to mention a convincing brogue 
the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd 
to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 
the hype , the celebrity , 
some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone 
enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 
remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops 
as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences 
can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good 
, it 's a pale imitation . 
laugh-out-loud 
provides 
a great 
's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room . 
gets violently gang-raped 
technically proficient 
that they are actually releasing it into theaters 
no laughs 
of america , history and the awkwardness of human life 
give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood 
for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs 
sucked dry the undead action flick formula 
predictable as the tides 
a serious movie 
's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message 
really quite funny 
crappy 
is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** . 
comedic bliss 
is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while 
flashy , overlong soap opera . 
, ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary . 
, this is the most visually unappealing . 
entertaining mix 
vibrant whirlwind 
best actress 
truth-in-advertising hounds 
bad animation and 
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board . 
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film 
deep as a petri dish 
family 
strangely liberating 
look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . 
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence 
that the material is so second-rate . 
about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 
a wholesome fantasy for kids 
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn . 
instantly disposable 
handsome 
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny 
with aplomb 
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . 
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller . 
obsessively 
modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare 
hardened indie-heads 
have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot 
career - kids = misery ) 
make the attraction a movie 
by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense 
equals the original and in some ways even betters it 
alienate 
mr. polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 
a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild 
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net 
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy . 
shame americans 
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and 
ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang 
that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an 
a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror 
veered off too far into the exxon zone 
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . 
slap her - she 's not funny 
sparkling with ideas 
would love this . 
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline 
a rather unique approach 
to please others 
it is a copy of a copy of a copy 
as the original 
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers . 
this 90-minute dud 
round out the square edges . 
that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body 
could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up 
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and 
scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it 
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . 
the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover 
treads heavily 
of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works 
's hard to say who might enjoy this 
is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex . 
very choppy and monosyllabic 
, sordid universe 
see it for his performance if nothing else 
anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all 
two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears 
endorses 
absurd , 
a great party 
the most enchanting film of the year 
to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat . 
lazily and glumly 
woozy 
an oscar 
death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets 
the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock 
delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy 
could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip 
low on both suspense and payoff 
half the excitement of balto 
deceptively amusing 
bigger , fatter heart 
makes you care about music you may not have heard before 
, sex with strangers is a success . 
a very well-meaning movie , and it 
i spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits 
of war-torn croatia 
a lighthearted glow 
that movie was pretty bad 
dog 
particularly joyless , 
's a rare window on an artistic collaboration 
a vivid 
a smoother , more focused 
wildly alive 
'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up 
( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 
fetid underbelly 
just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes 
an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni 
a compelling investigation 
feel realistic 
drug-induced bowel 
most audacious , outrageous , 
ignorant 
might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill 
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images 
's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones 
would have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is 
is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . 
in venice 
that it has n't gone straight to video 
unafraid to throw elbows when necessary 
that peace is possible 
entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves 
because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh 
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw 
distinctly minor effort 
a good movie ye 
to little more than punishment 
each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 
the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit 
memories of rollerball 
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , 
with laughs 
illuminates 
although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . 
some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results 
serenity and discipline 
mindless 
about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal . 
equally miserable film 
stirring road movie . 
that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and 
arrogant richard pryor wannabe 
guts and 
, inexplicable and unpleasant 
more fascinating than the results 
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' was . 
as particularly memorable or even all that funny 
completely transfixes the audience . 
( gosling 's ) combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character . 
iwai 's gorgeous visuals 
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours 
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . 
that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up 
than anything seen on jerry springer 
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers . 
hip hop beat 
deliciously 
more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus 
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place 
can be made 
explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut 
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , 
i liked the movie 
nicely shot 
is often quite rich and exciting 
a buoyant , expressive flow 
suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener 
a witty , whimsical feature 
lighthearted comedy 
dips key moments from the film 
ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad . 
franchise possibilities 
forgot 
it 's definitely a step in the right direction . 
tart 
routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny 
a stadium-seat megaplex 
accepting him 
ethan hawke 's strained chelsea walls 
virtually no understanding of it 
dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder 
endearing and 
simply feeling like no other film in recent history 
call this film a lump of coal 
the surest bet 
at a snail 's pace 
avary seems to care about 
a solidly entertaining little film 
living far too much in its own head 
yet another tired old vision 
is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion . 
slick production values and director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing 
what 's infuriating about full frontal 
a balanced film 
of the austin powers films 
nice , light treat 
refined 
, it might just be the movie you 're looking for . 
entertain all ages 
entertaining enough , but nothing new 
the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy 
're more likely to enjoy on a computer 
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema . 
wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany 
seems to want to be a character study , 
the sexy razzle-dazzle 
zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a 
visually engrossing 
as steamy as last week 's pork dumplings . 
that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense 
how much they engage and even touch us 
revitalize 
swings and jostles 
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional 
it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable 
rote drivel 
gorgeousness . 
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride . 
innovators 
, unassuming , subordinate 
've completely 
adventure and a worthwhile environmental message 
` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation 
a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation 
wearisome 
, it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head 
bad movie . 
equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 
a generic international version of a typical american horror film 
a good human 
a solidly entertaining and moving family drama 
what 's invigorating about 
an eloquent memorial 
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down 
appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up 
outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks 
, rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings 
tub-thumpingly 
